

(Yeah hehehahaha, we goin platinum nigga! Plaahahatinum.)

Yeah, you got the Live Squad in this motherfucker
We got my nigga Treach from Naughty by Nature in this motherfucker
My nigga Apache up in this motherfucker

[Verse One: Tupac]

My Mossberg goes boom, gimme room, can I catch it
Talkin quick and then I vic just tryin to keep from gettin blasted
I had enough I put a hit upon them bastards
Boo-yaa! Turned a snitch into a casket
Now they after me, prowling for a niggaz bucks
Time to see, who's the G, with the bigger nuts
Buck buck, big up and livin reckless
Niggaz with a death wish step in with a Tec and I'll wet this
Yeah this shit is hyper
Two to one I'm writing representing and I'm striking like a viper
Huh, I got my mind made up, I got my nine
Ring the alarm, and strong arm must run
Some niggaz need to feel me with a passion
I'm old fashioned, run up on me nigga and get blasted
With five deadly venomz

(Yeah 'Pac, fuck that, still hittin em up with
that old deadly shit. Aiyyo Treach where you at?
Step up and hit they ass up with the wickedness.)

[Verse Two: Treach]

We come to hit you with a sock full of Brooklyn
to the Onyx of your nose, punk is funky like skunk blunts
Stunk like funk cunt
I come to take you on a war rough and rugged route
And if another doubts I blow your fuckin mother out
And that's the street scarred style
I shout I'm-de-MC-wit-de-nasty-mouf, and kick the bitch out
Sue me? I pay the lawyer for ya oh boy yeah
Plus my style's ten to twenty fuckin pounds more
I take you quicker than a picture of a punk ya pickin shit
pickin pockets with a razor stoppin Russian rockets
Not shoplift, I'm liftin shop
Once you sound hot, cause if you ain't a perfect ten
my sign is stop!
It's twenty mother-crooked-fuckin styles in em
Like women I did em I'm in for deadly ready venom

[Verse Three: Live Squad]

Yeah, as I take a puff I get rough, Big Mad
To put it on, can't none come tougher see
I'm down with the sound of the Squad hard, boom!
Breakin em down, I make em see their doom
Coming straight from the dome where I roam it's a job to
rob and steal and runnin from the coppers
Who hold a, boulder, turn the gun controller
Started from a punk now to be a high roller
Youngest, reckless, crazy, disaster
Mac-11 blaster, and I run faster
Than a lot of cops I can't be stopped till my head gets popped
A lot of fuckin bodies will drop
It's a disaster, I'm coming for the blood splatter
I make you scatter, leavin trails of brains and bladders
Blowin em out the frame with no shame
Game tight, drop a body then get out of sight
Count my loot after I shoot, leave my kicks up and it's
something I don't wanna do, somethin that I never did
I try to get him, I think I hit em, I lit him
He's out! A poison, a deadly venom

(Yeah Mad, fuck that! You know how we do.
KnowhatI'msayin? Squad in effect, YG'z in effect.
Now you know a nigga like me gotta represent)

[Verse Four: Live Squad]

Once again, back to rip shit, quick on the flip tip
The psycho, represent the real to take the mic flow
Deadly, rock a head G, check the melody
Niggaz can't touch me when I wreckin G you better flee
Cause I'm gifted with a jab and a forty-four Mag
So nigga flip or take a trip in a body bag
Uhh, boom you slipped up, now you're zipped up
Yeah one more statistic, fronted and got ripped up
No joke, you be yolk, no matter how it sound
We're taking over eight niggaz back to the stomping grounds
Line em up single file, dome runnin in em
A nigga hit em with the venom, the fourth deadly venom

(Nigga, yaknowhatI'msayin? Fuck that!
I told you, we takin over, yo 'Pac.)

[Verse Five: 2Pac]

Five deadly venomz verse five be the livest
Strugglin and strive, keep a nine in my waistline
Take mine, you better bury me, G
Punk ass niggaz don't even worry me, see
I got a glock that say 'Pac run the block
Fuck the cops cause my gauge gets me... PAID
As I sit and reminesce about the old days
Hugging on my AK, fuck getting played, hey
I say niggaz need to get they mind right
Until they do I pop a clip and grip my nine tight
Now it's on everday could be my last day
That's why I blast on they ass as I past let the glass spray
First you had a mouth full of fronts
Now you're mouth's full of chunks, Pac's out puffin blunts
Deadly venomz

(Hahaha, yeah pass that shit over here.
Apache bout to clean shit up.)

[Verse Six: Apache]

Throw up your middle finger! Start the track for the maniac
Only thing I'm givin out is black donuts and dirty backs
Let me tell how you rough I get
I pop shit behind your back get in your face and pop the same shit
You can't get in because my gate's bigger I'ma snake nigga
My act guards me so hard I pull the fuckin trigger
I'm a section to clinch your porch is like a pinch
Test a rhyme I'll knock your hairline back an inch
Fuckin up pooh-butts, cut em like cold cuts
Choke em with my boot lace, then leave em hangin like old nuts
Clip up and move out, time to get em
That's the results of fuckin with the fifth venom in denim

(Yeah, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Five motherfuckin deadly venomz, in effect for ninety-three
ninety-four ninety-five all that other shit.
We takin this motherfucker over this larger hit.
YaknowhatI'msayin? Follow us, come along. YaknowhatI'msayin?
We takin this motherfucker over. TRUST. We out.)---Lyrics submitted by Fanatic.

(feat. Dru Down, Nate Dogg, Outlawz)

[2Pac]
Ahh yeah
[Down]
Yeauhh!
[2Pac]
It's all about you, one time!
[Down]
I'ma say it's all about you baby, yeah
[2Pac]
Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you
It's all about you
[Down]
This Dru Down in the house, with my boy 'Pizznac
YouknowhatI'msayin?
[2Pac]
It's all about you
[Down]
Yeah I'm gon' say it's all about you
but you know I'm lyin though, hah! Yeauhh

[2Pac]
You probably crooked as the last trick; wanna laugh
At how I got my ass caught up with this bad bitch
Thinkin I had her but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck I'm stuck with fuckin with the wrong one, uh!
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin for some love
In every club, I see you starin like you want it
Well baby if you got it better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla but you tell me you taken
Sayin you ain't impressed, with the money I'm makin
Guess it's true what they tellin me
Fresh out of jail, life's Hell for a black, celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you widdit
Fantansies of us sweatin, can I hit it? (Hahaha)
Addicted to the things you do, but still true
What I'm sayin Boo, is this is all about you

[Nate Dogg]
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
(Yeah nigga, ha ha ha ha!)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

[2Pac]
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me I'm a thug nigga; I only hung out
with the criminals and the drug dealers, I love niggaz
cause we comin from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick, the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa, and I don't even care
Creep though, weed smoke's into the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
waitin for niggaz at the end, of every show
I just seen you in my friend's, video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin through..
It's all about you.. hahaha, yeah nigga!
It's all about you!

[Nate Dogg]
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

[Outlawz]
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty hoe
You think it's all about you? Well Boo
I gets Down like Dru and my nasty new niggaz, too

You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Golddiggin, cold diggin a gold Rolex

I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cuts, I came to fuck, try skeezin me
Runnin up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the West Coast to West Virginia

[Nate Dogg]
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

[Snoop Doggy Dogg speaking over last two lines]
I'm tellin ya, it's the same ol' shit
I mean.. god damn, youknowhatI'msayin?
I'm sittin back, watchin Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch, who was in, my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel
I'm checkin out my homeboy Tupac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video, yaknahmsayin?
And then yaknahmsayin what make that even mo' fucked up
I'm watchin a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch, on the Million Man March
that was in, the homeboy Warren G video!
I mean, damn, everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same hoe
Don't get mad, I'm only bein real
Yeah ---Lyrics submitted by Angel Hernandez.

(feat. Dru Down, Nate Dogg, Outlawz)

[2Pac]
Ahh yeah
[Down]
Yeauhh!
[2Pac]
It's all about you, one time!
[Down]
I'ma say it's all about you baby, yeah
[2Pac]
Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you
It's all about you
[Down]
This Dru Down in the house, with my boy 'Pizznac
YouknowhatI'msayin?
[2Pac]
It's all about you
[Down]
Yeah I'm gon' say it's all about you
but you know I'm lyin though, hah! Yeauhh

[2Pac]
You probably crooked as the last trick; wanna laugh
At how I got my ass caught up with this bad bitch
Thinkin I had her but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck I'm stuck with fuckin with the wrong one, uh!
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin for some love
In every club, I see you starin like you want it
Well baby if you got it better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla but you tell me you taken
Sayin you ain't impressed, with the money I'm makin
Guess it's true what they tellin me
Fresh out of jail, life's Hell for a black, celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you widdit
Fantansies of us sweatin, can I hit it? (Hahaha)
Addicted to the things you do, but still true
What I'm sayin Boo, is this is all about you

[Nate Dogg]
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
(Yeah nigga, ha ha ha ha!)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

[2Pac]
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me I'm a thug nigga; I only hung out
with the criminals and the drug dealers, I love niggaz
cause we comin from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick, the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa, and I don't even care
Creep though, weed smoke's into the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
waitin for niggaz at the end, of every show
I just seen you in my friend's, video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin through..
It's all about you.. hahaha, yeah nigga!
It's all about you!

[Nate Dogg]
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

[Outlawz]
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty hoe
You think it's all about you? Well Boo
I gets Down like Dru and my nasty new niggaz, too

You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Golddiggin, cold diggin a gold Rolex

I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cuts, I came to fuck, try skeezin me
Runnin up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the West Coast to West Virginia

[Nate Dogg]
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

[Snoop Doggy Dogg speaking over last two lines]
I'm tellin ya, it's the same ol' shit
I mean.. god damn, youknowhatI'msayin?
I'm sittin back, watchin Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch, who was in, my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel
I'm checkin out my homeboy Tupac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video, yaknahmsayin?
And then yaknahmsayin what make that even mo' fucked up
I'm watchin a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch, on the Million Man March
that was in, the homeboy Warren G video!
I mean, damn, everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same hoe
Don't get mad, I'm only bein real
Yeah ---Lyrics submitted by Angel Hernandez.

[Intro: 2Pac]

Black Cotton
Black Cotton
Black Cotton - A symbol for unrewarded struggle
Time for a little gospel tail
Ghetto gospel that is- listen
Robbin' Black Cotton in God's eyes
Speak

[Verse One: 2Pac]

Black Cotton
Steady stressin' Smith and Wessons count my blessin's
Class is in session the worst question is the first question
Why do we work like slaves sweatin' blades to an early grave
Never got paid but still we slave (In the nine tre')
Answer that then answer this too-
Loves gonna get ya you know it's true life's a bitch true
You best to backtrack and try to act black and live
Not to be phony and positive but why be negative?
What's the matter G? Black cat got your tongue
Fat track gotcha sprung now your hung (Do ya feel me?)
Dum dum diddy is it me?
Attempt to reach each and every brother on the streets
If not peace then at least let's get a piece
I'm tired of seeing bodies on the streets- deceased
Lookin' through my highschool yearbook
Reminiscin' of the tears as the years took
One homie, two homie, three homies - POOF
We used to have troops but now there's no more youth to shoot
God come save the misbegotten
Lost ghetto souls of Black Cotton (In God's eyes)

[Chorus: Eminem]

Nobody don't care
(No matter how hard I try/Look to the sky/and I ask God why)
Nobody don't care
(Seems like my dreams/Drowned in by screams/No answer to my questions)
Nobody don't care
(Feels like I'm pressed/Why do I stress?/It's like I'm being tested)
Nobody don't care
(Seems like my prayers/Vanish to thin air/Please answer my questions)
Nobody don't care

[Kastro: Verse 3]

In the belly of the beast I'm bubbling up
Running out of luck, about to self destruct
Old heads say live your life like such
Your sure to catch her witcha one day boy
I wouldn't listen to 'em
Your power movement was cool
But it ain't fix nothin'
So I just go with what i know
I dont trust none
Look what the 80's did
To what's Bebe's kids
And now we grown up
Nobody ain't own us yet

[Young Noble: Verse 4]

Black cotton, I'm plottin' on what they owe me
I'm workin' without a profit
They shacklin' all my homies
I'm hurtin' but keep the mind
And we ain't stop, its cutains, you try to rise and 
Certainly we survive with Outlaw Ridas
What's the reward for a strugala
If the lord lovin' us then why they hate to see us comin' up
Runnin up, Gun cocked like nasty gloves 
If you aint got a penny, mind the glove
No love
Waitin' for my 40 acas and a blunt to blaze
Biblicle times good hearts with milita minds
Black Cotton - I'm hoppin' over enemy lines
Black Cotton - I ain't stoppin' till they givin me mine
Black Cotton

[Chorus]---Lyrics submitted by Colin.

brendas got a baby
brendas got a baby 

i hear brendas got a baby
but brendas barely got a brain
a damn shame
the girl can hardly spell her name
(thats not our problem, that up to brendas family)
well let me show you how i affects tha whole community
now brenda really never her moms and her dad was a 
junky
went in debt to his arms, its sad
cause i bet brenda doesnt even know
just cause your in tha ghetto doesnt mean you cant grow
but oh, thats a thought, my own revelation
do whatever ittakes ta resist the temptation
brenda got herself a boyfriend
her boyfriend was a cousin, now lets watch the joy end
she tried to hide her pregnancy, from her family
who really didnt care to see, or give a damn if she
went out and had a church of kids
as long as when tha check came in the got first dibs
now brendas belly is gettin bigger
but no one seems to notice any change in her figure
shes 12 years old and shes having a baby
in love with tha molester, whos sexin' her crazy
and yet she thinks that he'll be with her forever
and a dream of a world with the two of them together
whatever
he left her and she had the baby solo, she had it on tha
bathroom floor
and didnt know so,she didnt know what to throw away and
what ta keep
she wrapped the baby up and threw him in the trash heep
i guess she thought shed get away
wouldnt hear tha cries
she didnt realize
how much the little baby had her eyes
now the babys in tha trash heep ballin'
momma cant help him,but it hurts ta hear him calling
brenda wants to run away
momma say, you makin' me loose pay, social workers here
everyday
now brendas gotta make her own way
cant go to her famliy, they wont let her stay
no money no babysitter, she couldnt keep a job
she tried ta sell crack, but ended up getting robbed
so now whats next, there aint nothing left to sell
so she sees sex as as a way of leavin hell
its paying the rent, so she really cant complain
prostitute found slain, and brendas her name, shes got a baby

babaaaaaaayyyy

(dont she know shes got.... )
(dont she know shes got.... )
(dont she know shes got a baby)
  baaaabaaaayy
(dont she know shes got.... )
(dont she know shes got.... )
(dont she know shes got a baby)
i got a babaaayy
(dont she know shes got....)
(dont she know shes got....)
(dont she know shes got a baby)
ah nah, nah, nah, nah.nah,nah,nah
(dont she know shes got a baby)
no where to go, no where to go
(dont she know shes got a baby)
(dont she know shes got a baby)
so blind to see, so blind to see---Lyrics submitted by lavell.

California love!

[1]-California...knows how to party
California...knows how to party
In the citaaay of L.A.
In the citaaay of good ol' Watts
In the citaaay, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin!

[Verse One: Dr. Dre]

Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness
The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state with a bomb ass hemp beat
The state where ya never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
Lean mean money-makin-machines servin fiends
I been in the game for ten years makin rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearin sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shinin lookin like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to tha Bay
Your city is tha bomb if your city makin pay
Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way
Dre puttin it down for
Californ-i-a
[repeat 1]

[2]-Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it shake it shake it...

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

Out on bail fresh outta jail, California dreamin
Soon as I stepped on the scene, I'm hearin hoochies screamin
Fiendin for money and alcohol
The life of a west side playa where cowards die and it's all ball
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearin Chucks not Ballies (that's right)
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do
Flossin but have caution we collide with other crews
Famous cause we program worldwide
Let'em recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumpin and grindin like a slow jam, it's west side
So you know the row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say
But give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sacktown
The Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put they mack down
Give me love!
[rpt 1]

[dre] now make it shake...

[rpt 2]

[Outro: Dre, 2Pac]

Uh, yeah, uh, longbeach in tha house, uh yeah
Oaktown, Oakland definately in tha house hahaha
Frisko, Frisko
[Tupac] hey, you know LA is up in this
Pasadena, where you at
Yeah, Inglewood, Inglewood always up to no good
(Tupac) even Hollywood tryin to get a piece baby
Sacramento, sacramento where ya at? yeah

Throw it up y'all, throw it up, Throw it up
Let's show these fools how we do this on that west side
Cause you and I know it's tha best side

Yeah, That's riight
West coast, west coast
Uh, California Love
California Love---Lyrics submitted by andreas.

[1]
Come on come on
I see no changes. Wake up in the morning and I ask myself,
"Is life worth living? Should I blast myself?"
I'm tired of bein' poor and even worse I'm black.
My stomach hurts, so I'm lookin' for a purse to snatch.
Cops give a damn about a negro? Pull the trigger, kill a nigga, he's a hero.
Give the crack to the kids who the hell cares? One less hungry mouth on the welfare.
First ship 'em dope & let 'em deal to brothers.
Give 'em guns, step back, and watch 'em kill each other.
"It's time to fight back", that's what Huey said.
2 shots in the dark now Huey's dead.
I got love for my brother, but we can never go nowhere
unless we share with each other. We gotta start makin' changes.
Learn to see me as a brother 'stead of 2 distant strangers.
And that's how it's supposed to be.
How can the Devil take a brother if he's close to me?
I'd love to go back to when we played as kids
but things changed, and that's the way it is

[Bridge w/ changing ad libs]
Come on come on
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is
aww yeah
[Repeat]

I see no changes. All I see is racist faces.
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races we under.
I wonder what it takes to make this one better place...
let's erase the wasted.
Take the evil out the people, they'll be acting right.
'Cause both black and white are smokin' crack tonight.
And only time we chill is when we kill each other.
It takes skill to be real, time to heal each other.
And although it seems heaven sent,
we ain't ready to see a black President, uhh.
It ain't a secret don't conceal the fact...
the penitentiary's packed, and it's filled with blacks.
But some things will never change.
Try to show another way, but they stayin' in the dope game.
Now tell me what's a mother to do?
Bein' real don't appeal to the brother in you.
You gotta operate the easy way.
"I made a G today" But you made it in a sleazy way.
Sellin' crack to the kids. "I gotta get paid,"
Well hey, well that's the way it is.

[Bridge]

[Talking:]
We gotta make a change...
It's time for us as a people to start makin' some changes.
Let's change the way we eat, let's change the way we live
and let's change the way we treat each other.
You see the old way wasn't working so it's on us to do
what we gotta do, to survive.

And still I see no changes. Can't a brother get a little peace?
There's war on the streets & the war in the Middle East.
Instead of war on poverty,
they got a war on drugs so the police can bother me.
And I ain't never did a crime I ain't have to do.
But now I'm back with the facts givin' 'em back to you.
Don't let 'em jack you up, back you up, crack you up and pimp smack you up.
You gotta learn to hold ya own.
They get jealous when they see ya with ya mobile phone.
But tell the cops they can't touch this.
I don't trust this, when they try to rush I bust this.
That's the sound of my tune. You say it ain't cool, but mama didn't raise no fool.
And as long as I stay black, I gotta stay strapped & I never get to lay back.
'Cause I always got to worry 'bout the pay backs.
Some buck that I roughed up way back... comin' back after all these years.
Rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat. That's the way it is. uhh

[Bridge 'til fade:]
Some things will never change ---Lyrics submitted by puru.

Ha ha ha...fuck all y'all...fuck all y'all...I don't need nobody
Fuck 'em...Fuck all y'all

[Verse 1]

Money gone fuck friends
I need a homie that know me
when all these muthafuckin' cops be on me
I got problems ain't nobody calling back
now what the fuck is happenin' with my ballin' cats
Remember me I'm ya homie that was down to brawl
Sippin' Hennessy hanging with the clowns and
all we used to do is drink brew, screw and common knew
we had bitches by the dozens oh we fuckin' cousins
You can throw ya middle finger if ya feel me loc
a nigga just got paid and we still was broke
It took time but finally the cash was mine
all the rewards of a hustler stuck in the grind
Look around and all I see is snakes and faces
like scavengers waitin' to take a hustler's pape's
and when you stuck where the fuck is all ya friends
They straight busted and can't be trusted fuck y'all

[Chorus]
Fuck all y'all [2x]

[Verse 2]

I'm sippin' Tanqueray and juice and what's the use
cause I'm a hopeless thug
Ain't no love reminiscing on how close we was
way back in the day before they put the crack in the way
and heeyyy how much money can you stack in a day
It's gettin' rough collect calls from my niggas in court
I recollect we used to ball now just living's enough
I stand tall in the winter summer spring or fall
Thug for life scrawled all across the wall
and all about my dollars make me wanna holla
drop an album sell a million give a fuck about tomorrow
I know it's gettin' crazy after dark
these marks keep on huffin' and puffin'
ain't no fear in my heart
What's going on in the ghetto still struggle and strive
I still roll with the heater smokin' chocolate thai
In 94 I'll be going solo
too many problems with my own
so I'm rolling do-do
Fuck all y'all

[Chorus 3x]

[Verse 3]

I went from rags to riches quick
to socializing with the baddest bitches
went from a bucket to a rag with switches
I'm seein' death around the corner
I'm bumpin' Gloriaaaa doin' 90 'cause I wanna
I'm getting high like I said it with some chocolate thai
mixed with some indonesia watch me fly
And even though I know the cops behind me
hit the weed and uh I continue doing 90 (Biotch)
will I get caught another ticket get to kick it in court
Fuck the law give a shit I'm even worse than before
I know they wanna see a nigga buried
but I ain't worried still throwing these thangs
got me locked in these chains
and hey nigga what the fuck is you wailin' 'bout
soon as I hit the cell I'll be bailin' out
And when I hit the streets I'm in a rush to ball
I'm screaming Thug Life nigga fuck y'all

[Repeat of intro]---Lyrics submitted by nancy.

Who you callin rapist
Aint that a bitch you devils are so two faced 
Wanna see me lock'd in chains
Dropped in shame 
And gettin sock'd by you crooked cops again
Fucking with the young black male tryna stack bail
And stay away from them pack jails
I told told the judge im in danger
And thats why I had that 4-5 with one in the chamber

Chrous: Fuck the world( they tryna say that I dont care)
Woke up and screamed fuck the world( they tryna say that I dont care)
Just woke up and screamed fuck the world( they tryna say that I dont care)
I woke up and screamed fuck the world( they tryna say that I dont care)
Just got up and screamed fuck the world

When I was comin up rough that wasnt even what you call it 
That why I smoke blunts now and run with alcoholics
Im gettin threats to me comin from my enemies 
And in they dream its hell where they sending me
Have i lost control or just another soul
A car full of motherfuckers when we roll
Sipping on yack as I sit back 
Life is as a big mack
Brothers come up and say you did that 
Never take your eyes off the prize
Even if you getting high don't never hesiatate to try
Cause you can fall off or stay ballin
Niggas we all in and then my mother fucking callin

Repeat chrous

They wanna label me a menace
Because i'm sittin here sippin on genis
Weightin 165 and these tricks should die 
For being jealouy of a brother when he rides
I can see it in your eyes 
You wanna see a young playa fallin
They hate to see a nigga ballin
Some of you suckas is bustas
Plottin on what I got and you wonder why I shot em'
Stop giving game for free
You wanna hang with me like being a thug is the thang to be
But I got love for my homies the G's and macks 
And if your black you betta stay straped
Nigga fuck the world

Repeat Chrous

They wanna know if I claim the click that im hangin with
And if i'm down with this bangin shit
But homie I dont give a fuck if your blood or cuz
Long as you got love for thugs
But dont try and test me out
Stall that homie this is thug life 
And we all straped
We then been to hell and back 
And if I fell black its back to the corners where we sell crack
Some of you niggas are bustas
You runnin round with them tramp ass bitches 
Don't trust her
But dont cry the world aint prepared fo us
A straight thug motherfucker that aint scared to bust
Fuck the world

Repeat Chrous

I dont care 
I dont care---Lyrics submitted by Regina.

Uhh,
Hit them with a lil' ghetto gospel

[Chorus - Elton John:]
Those who wish to follow me (My ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior without the sound of guns

[2Pac]
If I could recollect before my hood days
I'd sit and reminisce, think of the bliss on the good days
I stop and stare at the younger, my heart goes to 'em
They tested, it was stressed that they under
In nowadays, things changed
Everyone's ashamed to the youth cause the truth looks strange
And for me it's reversed, we left them a world that's cursed, and it hurts
cause any day they'll push the button
and all good men like Malcolm X and Bobby Hunton, died for nothing
Don't them let me get teary, the world looks dreary
but when you wipe your eyes, see it clearly
there's no need for you to fear me
if you take your time to hear me, maybe you can learn to cheer me
it ain't about black or white, cause we're human
I hope we see the light before its ruined.
My ghetto gospel.

[Chorus - Elton John]

[2Pac]
Tell me do you see that old lady ain't it sad
Living out a bag, but she's glad for the little things she has
And over there there's a lady, crack got her crazy
Guess she's given birth to a baby
I don't trip and let it fade me, from outta the frying pan
We jump into another form of slavery
Even now I get discouraged
Wonder if they take it all back while I still keep the courage
I refuse to be a role model
I set goals, take control, drink out my own bottles
I make mistakes, but learn from everyone
And when its said and done
I bet this Brotha be a better one
If I'm upset, you don't stress
Never forget, that God hasn't finished with me yet
I feel his hand on my brain
When I write rhymes, I go blind, and let the Lord do his thang
But am I less holy
Cause I choose to puff a blunt and drink a beer with my homies
Before we find world peace
We gotta find peace and end the war on the streets
My ghetto gospel.

[Chorus - Elton John]

[2Pac]
Lord can you hear me speak!
To pay the price of being hell bound...---Lyrics submitted by A.

[Makaveli]
Makaveli in this... Killuminati, all through your body
The blow's like a twelve gauge shotty
Uh, feel me!
And God said he should send his one begotten son
to lead the wild into the ways of the man
Follow me; eat my flesh, flesh and my flesh

[Chorus (Makaveli):]
Come with me, Hail Mary
Run quick see, what do we have here
Now, do you wanna ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

[Makaveli]
I ain't a killer but don't push me
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words being quoted
Peeped the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
Bow down, pray to God hoping that he's listening
Seeing niggas coming for me, to my diamonds, when they glistening
Now pay attention, rest in peace father
I'm a ghost in these killing fields
Hail Mary catch me if I go, let's go deep inside
the solitary mind of a madman who screams in the dark
Evil lurks, enemies, see me flee
Activate my hate, let it break, to the flame
Set trip, empty out my clip, never stop to aim
Some say the game is all corrupted, fucked in this shit
Stuck, niggas is lucky if we bust out this shit, plus
mama told me never stop until I bust a nut
Fuck the world if they can't adjust
It's just as well, Hail Mary

[Chorus 2X]

[Makaveli]
Penitentiaries is packed with promise makers
Never realize the precious time the bitch niggas is wasting
Institutionalized I lived my life a product made to crumble
But too hardened for a smile, we're too crazy to be humble, we balling
Catch me father please, cause I'm falling, in the liquor store
That's the Hennessee I hear ya calling, can I get some more?
Hail 'til I reach Hell, I ain't scared
Mama checking in my bedroom; I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it, what can I do
One life to live but I got nothing to lose, just me and you
on a one way trip to prison, selling drugs
We all wrapped up in this living, life as Thugs
To my homeboys in Clinton Max, doing they bid
Raise hell to this real shit, and feel this
When they turn out the lights, I'll be down in the dark
Thuggin eternal through my heart, now Hail Mary nigga

[Chorus 2X]

[Kastro]
They got a APB, out on my Thug family
Since the Outlawz run these streets, like these skanless freaks
Our enemies die now, walk around half dead
Head down, K blasted off Hennessee and Thai
Trying it, mixed it, now I'm twisted blisted and high
Visions of me, Thug living getting me by
Forever live, and I multiply survived by Thugs
When I die they won't cry unless they coming with slugs

[Young Noble]
Peep the whole scene and whatever's going on around me
Brain kinda cloudy, smoked out feeling rowdy
Ready to wet the party up, and whoever in that motherfucker
Nasty new street, slugger my heat seeks suckers
on the regular mashing in a stolen black Ac Integ-ra
Cock back, sixty seconds 'til the draw that's when I'm dead in ya
Feet first, you got a nice gat but my heat's worse
From a Thug to preaching church, I gave you love now you eating dirt
Needing work, and I ain't the nigga to put you on
Cause word is bond when I was broke I had to hustle 'til dawn
That's when sun came up, there's only one way up
hold ya head and stay up, to all my niggas get ya pay and weight up

[Kastro]
If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate
to this shit I don't got, be the shit I gotta take
Dealing with fate, hoping God don't close the gate
If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate
to this shit I don't got, be the shit I gotta take
Dealing with fate, hoping God don't close the gate

[Chorus (repeats in background)]

[Prince Ital]
We've been traveling on this wayward road
Long time 'til I be take a 'eavy load
But we ride, ride it like a bullet
Hail Mary, Hail Mary
We won't worry everything will come real
Free like the bird in the tree
We won't worry everything will come real
Yes we free like the bird in the tree
We running from the penitentiary
This is the time for we liberty
Hail Mary, Hail Mary

[Chorus]

[Makaveli]
Westside, Outlawz, Makaveli the Don, Solo, Killuminati, The 7 Days---Lyrics submitted by Michella.

[Danny Boy]
Heaven

[2Pac Talking]

Heaven ain't hard to find[Heaven]
(All you gotta do is look)

[2Pac]

Simply because you nervous, let me start off with my conversation
Hoping my information, eleviates the hesitation
I can see it clearly now
catch you smiling through your frown
I'm askin' Baby Boo are you down ?
Although I know you've heard about my reputation
across the nation
"Mr. I get around"
My temptation got me dripping wet
perspiration
I'm activated by the moves your making
Baby why you faking? strip naked get the love making
See its all in your mind, so every time I sip a glass of wine
I fantasize till that ass is mine
Never gettin' but wanting, never touching but wishing
A straight thug on a mission until I get what I'm missing
Stop with the beeper, baby Listen,
I know you're grown, but pay attention
Let me hypnotize with my tongue kissin'
This is a message to bomb bodies and all dimes

Turn around one more time
Heaven ain't hard to find

[2Pac & Danny Boy]

(Heaveeen)
Heaven ain't hard to find
(Heaven ain't hard to find)

Heaven ain't hard to find
In fact you can have it just have faith
Just like a little kid, still believing in magic
It takes a lot of sacrifice
with all the lonely nights on tour
I need somebody I can trust in my life
Let me apply the brakes
baby you're moving to fast
My conversations are getting deeper, but first let me ask
Are you afraid of a thug ?
and have you ever made love
with candles and bubbles sipping in your tub
Touch me and let me activate your blood pressure
This Thug Passion
help the average man love better
Picture me naked and glistening beneath the moonlight mist
Take a shot of that alazhay
come give me a kiss
And maybe we can be better friends
perhaps we'll be closer
I'll be the thug in your life
baby and you'll be my soulja
And I know it takes some time
And you got a lot of questions on your mind
But relax, in due time
Heaven Ain't Hard to Find

[2Pac & Danny Boy]

(Heaveeen)
Heaven ain't hard to find(2Pac)
It Ain't hard to find(Danny Boy)

You think we all dogs, thats why you cautious when I approached you
Been talking since you arrived, but not a word is spoken
Through my eye contact, I wink and you respond back
Look at me
whats all that ? Huh
its like the closer you get, Baby the quicker I'm speaking
I got a flight out Chicago, lets kick it this weekend
I'm sipping Heneesee and coke
tho' addicted to weed smoke
I'm fiendin' for your body even mo'
Oh god help me identify me truest thoughts
your hidden motives full of passion who would of thought
Come hollar at me baby, love me for my thug nature
Far from a playa hater, label me a money maker
Straight heart breaker
Baby we can be friends
I can soup you in my Benz
we'll ride
I'll let you floss it for your friends
Once we begin
until the end, it gets better with time
I'm makin' love to your mind baby
Heaven ain't hard to find

[2Pac & Danny Boy]

(Heaveeen)
It Ain't hard to find(Danny Boy)
Heaven ain't hard to find(2Pac)---Lyrics submitted by Micko Gundarangan.

[Tupac]
I ain't got no motherfucking friends
That's why I fucked your bitch
You fat motherfucker (Take Money)
West Side
Bad Boy Killers (Take Money)
You know who the realist is
niggas we bring it to (Take Money)
(ha ha, that's alright)

First off, fuck your bitch
And the clique you claim
West side when we ride
Come equipped with game
You claim to be a player
But I fucked your wife
We bust on Bad Boys
niggas fuck for Life
Plus Puffy tryin' to see me weak
Hearts I rip
Biggie Smalls and Junior Mafia
Some mark ass bitches
We keep on coming
While we running for your jewels
Steady gunning
Keep on busting at them fools
You know the rules
Little Ceasar go ask you homie
How I'll leave you
Cut your young ass up
See you in pieces
Now be deceased
Little Kim,
Don't fuck around with real G's
Quick to snatch your ugly ass, off the streets
So fuck peace
I'll let them niggas know
It's on for Life
Don't let the west side
Ride the night (ha ha)
Bad Boys murdered on Wax and kill
fuck with me
And get your caps peeled
You know, see

[Chorus:]
Grab your glocks when you see 2pac
Call the cops when you see 2pac, uh
Who shot me,
But your punks didn't finish
Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
nigga, I hit 'em up

Check this out
You motherfuckers know what time it is
I don't even know why I'm on this track
You all niggas ain't even on my level
I'm going to let my little homies
Ride on you
bitch made ass Bad Boys bitches
(ah yo, yo, hold the fuck up)

Get out the way yo
Get out the way yo
Biggie Smalls just got dropped
Little move pass the mac
And let me hit 'em in his back
Frank White needs to get spanked right
For setting traps
Little accident murderers
And I ain't never heard of you
Poisonous gats attack when I'm serving you
Spank the shank
Your whole style when I gank
Guard your rank
'cause I'm a slam your ass in a pang
Puffy weaker than a fuckin' block
I'm running through nigga
And I'm smoking Junior Mafia
In front of you nigga
With the ready power
Tucked in my Guess
Under my Eddie Bauer
Your clout petty sour
I push packages ever hour
I hit 'em up

[Chorus]

Peep how we do it
Keep it real
Its penitentiary steel
This ain't no freestyle battle
All you niggas getting killed
With your mouths open
Tryin' to come up off of me
You in the clouds hoping
Smoking dope
It's like a Sherm high
niggas think they learned to fly
But they burn motherfucker you deserve to die
Talking about you Getting Money
But it's funny to me
All you niggas living bummy
While you fucking with me?
I'm a self made Millionaire
Thug livin', out of prison
Pistols in the Air (Air) (Ha Ha)
Biggie remember when I use to let you sleep on the couch
And beg the bitch to let you sleep in the house
Now it's all about Versace
You copied my style
Five shots couldn't drop me
I took it and smiled
Now I'm back to set the record straight
With my A-K
I'm still the thug that you love to hate
Motherfucker I'll Hit 'Em Up

I'm from N E W Jers.
Where plenty of murder occurs
No points to come
We bring drama to all you herds
Now go check the scenario
Little Ceas'
I'll bring you fake G's to your knees
Coppin' pleas in de Janeiro
Little Kim is you
Coked up or doped up
Get your little Junior Whopper clique smoked up
What the fuck?
Is you stupid?
I take money,
crash and mash through Brooklyn
With my clique looting, shooting, and polluting your block
With fifteen shot,
Cocked glock to your knot
Outlaw Mafia clique moving up another notch
And your Pop stars popped and get mopped and dropped
And all your fake ass east coast props
Brainstormed and locked

You's a beat biter
Pac style taker
I'll tell you to your face, you ain't shit but a faker
Soften than Alize with a chaser
'bout to get murdered for the paper
E.D. I mean post the scene of the caper
Like a loc, with little Ceas' in a choke (uh)
Toting smoke, we ain't no motherfuckin' joke
Thug Life, niggas better be known
Be approaching
In the wide open, gun smoking
No need for hoping
It's a battle lost
I gottem crossed as soon as the funk is bopping off
nigga, I hit 'em up

Now you tell me who won
I see them, they run (ha ha)
They don't wanna see us
Whole Junior Mafia clique
Dressing up trying to be us
How the fuck they gonna be the Mob?
When we always on out job
We millionaire's
Killing ain't fair
But somebody got to do it

Oh yah Mobb Deep (uh)
You wanna fuck with us
You Little young ass motherfuckers
Don't one of you niggas got sickle-cell or something
You're fucking with me, nigga?
You fuck around and catch a seizure or a heart-attack
You better back the fuck up
Before you get smacked the fuck up
This is how we do it on our side
Any of you niggas from New York that want to bring it,
Bring it.
But we ain't singing,
We bringing drama
fuck you and your mother fucking mama.
We're gonna kill all you mother fuckers.
Now when I came out, I told you it was just about biggie.
Then everybody had to open their mouth with a mother fucking opinion
Well this is how we gonna' do this:
fuck Mobb Deep,
fuck Biggie,
fuck Bad Boy as a staff, record label, and as a mother fucking crew.
And if you want to be down with Bad Boy,
Then fuck you too.
Chino XL, fuck you too.
All you mother fuckers,
fuck you too.
(take money, take money)
All of y'all mother fuckers,
fuck you, die slow motherfucker.
My four four (.44 magnum) make sure all your kids don't grow.
You motherfuckers can't be us or see us.
We mother fuckin' Thug Life riders.
West Side till' we die.
Out here in California, nigga
We warned ya'
We'll bomb on you mother fuckers.
We do our job.
You think you the mob, nigga, we the motherfuckin' mob
Ain't nothing but killers
And the real niggas, all you motherfuckers feel us.
Our shit goes triple and four quadruple
You niggas laugh 'cause our staff got guns under they motherfuckin' belts
You know how it is and we drop records they felt
You niggas can't feel it
We the realist
fuck 'em.
We Bad Boy killers. ---Lyrics submitted by Nashvel Adams.

Little somethin for my godson Elijah and a little girl named Corinne

Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the flesh then the deeper the roots
I give a holler to my sisters on welfare
Tupac cares, if don't nobody else care
And uhh, I know they like to beat ya down a lot
When you come around the block brothas clown a lot
But please don't cry, dry your eyes, never let up
Forgive but don't forget, girl keep your head up
And when he tells you you ain't nothin' don't believe him
And if he can't learn to love you you should leave him
Cause sista you don't need him
And I ain't tryin to gash up, I just call em how I see em
You know it makes me unhappy
When brothas make babies, and leave a young mother to be a pappy
And since we all came from a woman
Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman
I wonder why we take from our women
Why we rape our women, do we hate our women?
I think it's time to kill for our women
Time to heal our women, be real to our women
And if we don't we'll have a race of babies
That will hate the ladies, that make the babies
And since a man can't make one
He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one
So will the real men get up
I know you're fed up ladies, but you gotta keep your head up

Keep ya head up, oooo child things are gonna get easier
Ooooo child things are gonna get brighter [2x]

Aiyyo, I remember Marvin Gaye, used to sing ta me
He had me feelin like black was tha thing to be
And suddenly tha ghetto didn't seem so tough
And though we had it rough, we always had enough
I huffed and puffed about my curfew and broke the rules
Ran with the local crew, and had a smoke or two
And I realize momma really paid the price
She nearly gave her life, to raise me right
And all I had ta give her was my pipe dream
Of how I'd rock the mic, and make it to tha bright screen
I'm tryin to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
It's hard to be legit and still pay tha rent
And in the end it seems I'm headin for tha pen
I try and find my friends, but they're blowin in the wind
Last night my buddy lost his whole family
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
It seems tha rain'll never let up
I try to keep my head up, and still keep from gettin wet up
You know it's funny when it rains it pours
They got money for wars, but can't feed the poor
Say there ain't no hope for the youth and the truth is
It ain't no hope for tha future
And then they wonder why we crazy
I blame my mother, for turning my brother into a crack baby
We ain't meant to survive, cause it's a setup
And even if you're fed up
Huh, ya got to keep your head up

Keep ya head up, oooo child things are gonna get easier
Ooooo child things are gonna get brighter [2x]

And uhh
To all the ladies havin babies on they own
I know it's kinda rough and you're feelin all alone
Daddy's long gone and he left you by ya lonesome
Thank the Lord for my kids, even if nobody else want em
Cause I think we can make it, in fact, I'm sure
And if you fall, stand tall and comeback for more
Cause ain't nuttin worse than when your son
Wants to kno why his daddy don't love him no mo'
You can't complain you was dealt this
Hell of a hand without a man, feelin helpless
Because there's too many things for you to deal with
Dying inside, but outside you're looking fearless
While tears, is rollin down your cheeks
Ya steady hopin things don't all down this week
Cause if it did, you couldn't take it, and don't blame me
I was given this world I didn't make it
And now my son's getten older and older and cold
From havin the world on his shoulders
While the rich kids is drivin Benz
I'm still tryin to hold on to survivin friends
And it's crazy, it seems it'll never let up, but
Please... you got to keep your head up---Lyrics submitted by nicole.

[2Pac]
Let it be prophesized; ni**az'll die because ya crew's goon
Around the way ni**az get murdered by the full moon
Heard it in whispered tones
ni**az is bold and they choose to roll
I kill em all, watch now ni**a truth be told
Westside was the war cry, look how they scatter
ni**az dyin by my 30-yard, brains'll splatter
Wonder why these ni**az cross me
I'm certified crazy, so sick the world made me
Now diggy-die, everytime I ride it's for reasons
Hard to kill a ni**a cause I'm comin back like Jesus
Bow down to my ill nation runnin from drug cases
Lookin at my congregation so full of thug faces
Momma gave a ni**a breath, a life of stress
I invest in a vest and makin ni**az watch they every step
Label me a threat
and I ain't even got started with this s**t yet
Thug style baby, hands on my pistol, listen I'm a ridah
Every ni**a breathin pay attention
Bout to show you motherf**kers how it feel, to drop a body
The simple gun to my lifestyle, Killuminati

[Chorus: Kastro + 2Pac]

[Kas] Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
[Pac] Hold it down
[Kas] Killuminati and we got you, got you
Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
[Pac] Hold it down
[Kas] Killuminati and we got you, got you
Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
[Pac] Hold it down
[Kas] Killuminati and we got you, got you
Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
[Pac] Hold it down
[Kas] Killuminati and we got you, got you

[2Pac]
After the fire comes the rain, after pleasure there's pain
Even though we broke for the moment, we'll be ballin again
Til I make it yo; my military be prepared for them bustaz
Similar to, bi**hes that scary, get too near me we rushin
Visions of over-packed prisons, fiends and ni**az thug livin
Pressures and three strikes, I hope they don't test us
They pull the heater ammunition it cranks, psssh
Move without a sound, as we slide down, pistols in place
They got me fiendin for currency, the money be callin
It's like I'm - dreamin, see in season me ballin
Participated in felonious behavior
Cock the cocked fo'-five, snatchin ni**az pagers
Labeled a mark soon as we start, it was hard to quit
We started out drinkin 40's, moved to harder s**t
God damn now I'm a grown man, I follow no man
ni**a got my own plan, and it's called Killuminati

[Chorus (w/ minor variations)]

[E.D.I. Amin]
I spend most of my time bankin ni**az
because they hate a ni**a, comin across fake ni**az
But we made ni**az, old school and I'm thinkin
Y'all some bi**h made ni**az and you steadily sinkin
O-U-T, L-A-W-Z ain't nuttin f**kin with that
We bustin back comin back for the stacks
Laugh last cash cash, all I want is the paper
Givin them f**kers tool whips, I rule haters
Y'all can't fade us, we kill steal and peal quickly
The boss ni**az, definitely, put it down strictly
E.D.I. Amin, until the law come for me
Kill em all for shortie, ninety-nine Killuminati

[Kadafi]
They got me thinkin strugglin and hustling's my only fate
Toppin grams on the kichen plate, tryin to keep that money straight
Times is rollin three up these streets sleep
But when I crack, hammer cocked back rapped in my sheets
My life's been crossed, crooked since a seed it hurts
Got a package from the devil, payin my deeds
Preocuppied by the greed, in this crooked life I lead
More funds to spend, or bigger guns to squeeze
Me and my thugs clock G's simpin naughty thangs
Real as these tatt's on my body, and it's Killuminati

[Chorus]

[2Pac]
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
Hold it down, hold it down
Makaveli up in this bi**h, worldwide mash, Westside
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
The question we ask, do you know what time it is?
Hold it down, hold it down
You know what type of s**t we be
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
You want that hip-hop real
It's that hip-hop that's real
Hold it down, hold it down
Hip-hop that's worldwide, feel?
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
f**k with me ni**a you get killed!
Hold it down, hold it down
It don't get no realer than this
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
What's my motherf**kin name ni**a?
Hold it down, hold it down
My ni**az we all bad
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
What's my muh'f**kin name ni**a?
Hold it down, hold it down
What's my muh'f**kin name?
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
Outlawz in this bi**h
Rap pro at his finest
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
Repeat! Death Row at it's finest
ni**a, you know what time it is
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain..
Outlawz..---Lyrics submitted by Rob.

[Chorus]

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie, if I told ya that I never thought of death
My nigga, we the last ones left
But life goes on

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie, if I told ya that I never thought of death
My nigga, we the last ones left
Life goes on

[Verse One]

As I bail through the empty halls
Breath stinkin' in my jaws
Ring, ring, ring, quiet y'all, incoming call
Plus this my homie from high school, he gettin by
It's time to bury another brother, nobody cry
Life as a baller, alcohol and booty calls
We used to do them as adolescents, do you recall?
Raised as G's, loc'ed out and blazed the weed
Get on the roof let's get smoked out and blaze with me
Two in the morning and we still high assed out
Screamin thug till I die before I passed out
But now that youre gone, I'm in the zone
Thinkin I don't wanna die all alone
But now ya gone
And all I got left are stinkin memories
I love them niggas to death, I'm drinkin Hennessy
While tryin to make it last
I drank a fifth for that ass when you passed
Cause life goes on

[Chorus]

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie, if I told ya that I never thought of death
My nigga, we the last ones left
But life goes on

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie, if I told ya that I never thought of death
My nigga, we the last ones left
And life goes on

[Verse Two]

Yeah nigga I got the word as hell
Ya blew trial and the judge gave you 25 with an L
Time to prepare to do fed time won't see parole
Imagine life as a convict that's gettin old
Plus with the drama we're lookin out for your baby's mama
Takin risks, while keepin cheap tricks from gettin on her
Life in the hood is all good for nobody
Remember gamin on dumb hotties at chill parties
Me and you no true a two
While scheming on hits and gettin tricks 
That maybe we can slide into 
But now you buried
Rest nigga cause I ain't worried
Eyes blurried, sayin goodbye at the cemetery
Though memories fade
I got your name tatted on my arm
So we both ball till my dyin days
Before I say goodbye
Kato and Mental rest in peace
Thug till I die

[Chorus]

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie, if I told ya that I never thought of death
My nigga, we the last ones left
And life goes on

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie, if I told ya that I never thought of death
My nigga, we the last ones left
Cause life goes on

[Verse Three]

Bury me smilin, with G's in my pocket
Have a party at my funeral, let every rapper rock it
Let the hoes that I used to know
From way before
Kiss me from my head to my toe
Give me a paper and pen
So I can write about my life of sin
A coupla bottles of gin incase I don't get in
Tell all my people I'm a Ridah
Nobody cries when we die
We outlaws let me ride
Until I get free
I live my life in the fast lane got police chasin me
To my niggas from old blocks from old crews
Niggas that guided me through back in the old school
Pour out some liquor have a toast for the homies
See we both gotta die but you chose to go before me
And brothers miss you while youre gone
You left your nigga on his own, how long we moan
Life goes on

[Chorus: Repeats to end]

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a G
Be a lie, if I told ya that I never thought of death
My nigga, we the last ones left
But life goes on

[Voice over chorus]

Life goes on homie
Gone on, cause they passed away
Niggas doin life
Niggas doin 50 and 60 years and shit
I feel ya nigga, trust me, I feel ya
You know what I mean
Last year
We poured out liquor for you
This year nigga, life goes on
We're gonna clock now
Get money, evade bitches, evade tricks
Give players plenty space
And basicaly just represent for you baby
Next time you see your niggas
Youre gonna be on top nigga
They gonna be like,
Goddamn, them niggas came up
That's right baby
Life goes on
And we up out this bitch
Hey Kato, Mental
Y'all niggas make sure it's poppin when we get up there man
Don't front---Lyrics submitted by Yanik.

Fuckin lil' homies..
Everybody duckin, my fuckin lil' homies
My lil' homies..
Everybody duckin, my fuckin lil' homies

[2Pac]
Just pay attention
Here's a story bout my lil' homies, straight thuggin
Lil' bad young mothafuckers, gotta love him
You catch him in his G ride, touchin his glock
Screamin Outlaw (Wessyde motherfucker) bustin on my enemy's block
Educated on these cold streets
Gettin money makin dummies out the police, ain't no peace
for an adolescent nigga to rap, so be a thinker
Bud smokin twenty-four seven, everyday drinker
Got my diploma but I never learned shit in school
Mo' money, mo' bitches, mo' murder fool
Always the young niggaz gettin in shit
She wouldn't stop to conversate so you called her a bitch (BIATCH)
Bustin on paper thin motherfuckers
Drinkin gin 'fore youu get to sinnin on them busters
Emptied his clip, passed by like he didn't know me
Everybody duckin, my fuckin lil' homies

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
Lil' homies on the ride
Niggaz gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
(my lil' homies)
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin from these punk police, cause lil' niggaz get cash
(my fuckin lil' homies)

[2Pac]
I remember.. when you was just a lil' G
Flirting with death, playin Russian Roulette, screamin KILL ME!
Hey there young nigga, what you smokin on?
Mad at the world cause you came from a broken home
Love to squad plus your mob is sick
A bunch of adolescent niggaz spittin major shit
Tell me, young nigga if ya die let me know
Would your heart feel pain, watchin as your mother cries?
Will all your homies ride?
Or will they all get high, and talk about how you died?
Young niggaz on a mission to compete
Gettin G's, packin heat, bringin havoc to the fuckin streets
Nobody knows why he took a fo'-fo'
and loaded up on the whole front row (BUCK BUCK, BUCK BUCK!!)
Try to tell him but he act like he don't know me
Pull out his pistol and show me, my lil' homie

[Chorus]

[2Pac - over Chorus]
Hahaha, whassup nigga? YEAH!
You lil' bad motherfuckers
You motherfuckers know what time it is
Yeah nigga!
Juvenile delinquent-ass motherfuckers
Under eighteen.. better protect that shit!

[2Pac]
First to bomb, sixteen on death row
Bustin on them phony motherfuckers cause the big homey said so
Niggaz knew I was a nut case, quick to blast
Livin underage, but he'll blaze on yo' bitch ass
Is there a heaven for a G?
And if it is, will I finally get to be at peace?
On these streets ain't no peace, shell-shocked souls
makin money off of crack sales, young black males
Unable to change cause it's a cycle
Plus nobody knows.. the evil that they might do
Lil' Moo, Big Yak, K. Kastro
Big mouth Hussein, call them Outlawz
Tellin the world to be equipped
When these young motherfuckers rip shit, they don't quit
Drew down on me, pull a pound on me
Bust like he didn't know me, my lil' homies

[Chorus]

[2Pac - over Chorus]
Whassup nigga let's do this shit! My lil' homies!
Lil' bad-ass motherfuckin adolescent niggaz! My lil' homies!
What the fuck you niggaz wanna do? WHAT NIGGA? My fuckin lil' homies
Sixteen, fifteen, thirteen, my fuckin lil' homies

[Chorus]

[2Pac - over Chorus]
Juvenile delinquents ready to BUST on you motherfuckers
What the fuck you niggaz wanna do nigga?!
Nigga take yo' shit on, lil' homies!
We robbin motherfuckers nigga, Thug Life, Outlawwwwz! Wessyde!
You know what time it is, my lil' homies!

[2Pac as Chorus fades out]
You know what the fuck you gotta do nigga, Outlawz nigga
My lil' homies..---Lyrics submitted by sadie.

Damn Another Funeral, Another Mother fuckin funeral

lord knows, lord knows
v1.)
 i smoke a blunt to take the pain out, if i wasn't high id probably try to blow my brains out-- i'm hopeless
they shoulda killed me as a baby and now they got me trapped in the storm-- i'm goin crazy, forgive me; they wanna see me in my casket and if i dont blast i'll be a victim of them bastards
i'm losin hope  they got me stressin can the lord forgive me? got the spirit of a thug in me
another sip of that drank this hennessy got me qweazy dont wanna hurl young nigga take it easy
picture your dreams on a tripple beam, and it seems dont underestimate the power of a fiend
to my homies on the blocks slangin rocks witchya glocs, put this tape in ya box when ya runnin from the cops and never look back, if they could be black, then make a switch and open fire on them busta ass bitches-- lord knows---Lyrics submitted by josh.