

[Talib Kweli]
Yeah, as a kid growin' up in Brooklyn.
My pops was a DJ, he had a bunch of records.
Funk, Jazz, Rythm & Blues, Soul.
Know what i'm sayin?
There was this one Gospel record I liked.
Like, like, like Holy Moly, I might kiss a religion and leave you holy holy.
YEAH
This rhyme is so phat it's roly-poly.
I give you intimite detals so you can get to know me.
These corporate rappers like, why this dude pickin' one me?
You rap your way to the top, but now it's gettin' lonely.
Kids is hungry and you lookin' like a steak from Nick & Tony.
But don't no body want your jewels cuz your sh*t is phony.
You say boy your shit is real, damn your shit is corny.
Your rhymes turn into page like Mark Foley.
And touch kids like when Larry Clark gave the part to Chloe.
Rest in peace to Harold Hunter, the greatest from New York.
Started out skatin' to Zoo York.
WORD
Hagin' out at The Gavin, I was very lucky.
To talk to Rash' once I got past Derek Dudley.
Got him on Respiration, thats a pre-badu.
Bet you Garnett Reid got a Matt Doo tattoo.
Sometimes I feel like i'm drownin', I gotta tread water.
Head above the water, I always remember head quarters.
Head up, eyes open. I got my mind focused.
I find hope inside a line, my rhymes define opus.
Sometimes hope is people, fill my thoats with evil.
My records so hard it broke the needle.
At the mixtape awards ni**as act like they don't give a fu*k though.
Disrespect the legacy of Justo.
What the blood clot? No let the blood flow.
You ain't come to pay your respect? Then what chu come fo?
Do many good ni**as die like a stop loss, hood ni**as ghetto like fried wings and hot sauce.
How you hard? the cops lettin' 50 shots off?
Baby Jay-Z, with the knock off Scott Storch BEAT.
You are not short, you are not cat.
You not a player or a pimp money stop that.
Learn to master your speech and be eloquent.
Rappers keep peddlin sweets, the beats weaker than gelatin.
We used to kick up dust, now we settlin'.
Rest in peace to Dilla, Weldon, we can't forget you, Professor X and, Proof we miss you
WORD.
Rest in peace to Shaka, twenty one gun salute In the air like BLOK BLOK BLOK.
You're still here cause you're livin through me.
You're like a gift God has given to me.
Uh, uh, uh, what?---Lyrics submitted by Gino.

[Talib Kweli]
C'mon c'mon ya ya ya ya ya
Get 'em up, get 'em up what
Get 'em up, get 'em up what
Get 'em up, get 'em up what
Yo, yo, yo
What's with the melodrama?
Fella's wanna hover in my cypher like a helicopter
Like it's a special honor
The stealth bomba, gem droppa
Make the ghetto holla, Inter-Conta-Nental
Takin you high like sky divers
When we spark with live wires
Original, cavemen quest for my fire
Express my desire to drop this new shit
These record executives keep tellin me y'all stupid
Now if they right, Shut The Fuck Up!
Revolutionaries throw your guns up
Whether you a bourgeois broad who actin stuck up
Or some ignorant thug motherfucker shootin the club up
We gonna make y'all feel this, break y'all spirit
If y'all fake that realness, word we bringin it
Ringin it in from the new millenuim to way after that
I call these cats Reynolds cuz they plastic wrap

[Chorus]
Kill all the yappin lets make it happen
You cats ain't real, you just a re-enactment
Better yet, dramatization
Soon as the director say action you start fakin
I start breakin
The whole joint start shakin
This ain't the time or place for you to prove something
Cut the stargazin' yo, move somethin'!

[woman's voice and Talib Kweli]
Move Somethin' (move somthin)
Move Somethin' (move somthin)
Move Somethin' (move somthin)
Move Somethin' (move somthin)

[Talib Kweli]
(Word.. alright bring it back to the top)
To be continued...
Lets see what's next up on the menu run up in you
Lyrics that be fuckin with you
In the mental, pick any mental - instru, funda, detri
Extra Extra large like the borough of brooklyn the residential
Exi-stential-ist specialist
Like Sly Stone wit my poem and fly song
Ride along with cats who live great and die strong, word
We gonna rock till nothin else matters
Y'all catch bodies, we catch excellent cadavers
Your next of kin an' shatter stories splattered in the tabloids
Erase your trace like your cotton mouth and we pepperment altoids
Step in the high reppin the spot called flatbush
Whether rappers or actors you still feel the gat bust
The abstract then becomes the reality
Alcoholics like to call it the moment of clarity

[Chorus]
Kill all the yappin lets make it happen
You cats ain't real, you just a re-enactment
Better yet, dramatization
Soon as the director say action you start fakin
I start breakin
The whole joint start shakin
This ain't the time or place for you to prove something
Cut the stargazin' yo, move somethin'!

[woman's voice and Talib Kweli]
Move Somethin' (move somthin)
Move Somethin' (move somthin)
Move Somethin' (move somthin)
Move Somethin' (move somthin)---Lyrics submitted by Edgar Arellano.