

I grew up, a fuckin' screw up
Tie my shoe up, wish they was newer
Damn, need somethin' newer
In love with the baddest girl in the city, I wish I knew her
I wish I won't so shy, I wish I was a bit more fly
I wish that I, could tell her how I really feel inside
That I'm the perfect nigga for her, but then maybe that's a lie
She like a certain type of nigga, and it's clear I'm not that guy
Ball player, star player, I'm just watchin' from the side
On the bench, cause my lack of confidence won't let me fly
I ain't grow up with my father, I ain't thinkin' bout that now
Fast forward four years or so from now I'll probably cry
When I realize what I missed, but as of now my eyes are dry
Cause I'm tryna stay alive,
In the city where too many niggas die
Dreamin' quiet tryna dodge a suit and tie
Who am I? Aye who am I? (Yeah)

Things change, rearrange and so do I
It ain't always for the better dawg I can't lie
I get high cause the lows can be so cold
I might bend a little bit but I don't fold
One time for my mind and two for yours
I got food for your thoughts to sooth your soul
If you see my tears fall just let me be
Move along, nothing to see

I always did shit the hard way, my niggas *** slangin' in the hallway
Burnt CD's and trees like this was broadway, Times Square
Kept the dimes there in the locker
Some Reggie Miller
With more brown hairs than Chubacca
Whispers that he got it for the low low
Sell a, dime for a dub, them white boys ain't know no better
Besides, what's twenty dollars to a nigga like that?
He tell his pops he need some lunch and he gon' get it right back
I peep game
Got home snatched my mama keychain, took her whip
The appeal, too ill to refrain
I hit the boulevard pull up to my nigga front door
His mama at home, she still let em' hit the blunt though
I told her hello and sat with my nigga and laughed
And talked about how we gon' smash all the bitches in class
I complimented how I see him out here getting his cash, and just asked
"What a nigga gotta do to get that? Put me on"
He just laughed when he seen I was sure
17 years breathing his demeanor said more
He told me, "Nigga you know how you sound right now?
You won't my mans, I would think that you a clown right now
Listen, you everything I wanna be that's why I fucks with you
So how you looking up to me, when I look up to you
You bout to go get a degree, I'ma be stuck with two choices
Either graduate to weight or selling number two
For what? A hundred bucks or two a week?
Do you think that you would know what to do if you was me?
I got, four brothers, one mother that don't love us
If they ain't never want us why the fuck they never wore rubbers?"
I felt ashamed to have ever complained about my lack of gear
And thought about how far we done came
From trailer park to a front yard with trees in the sky
Thank you mama dry your eyes, there ain't no reason to cry
You made a genius and I, ain't gon' take it for granted
I ain't gon' settle for lesser, I ain't gon' take what they handed
Nah I'm gon' take what they owe me and show you that I can fly
And show ol' girl what she missing
The illest nigga alive
Aye who am I?

Things change, rearrange and so do I (Aye who am I?)
It ain't always for the better dawg I can't lie (Aye who am I?)
I get high cause the lows can be so cold
I might bend a little bit but I don't fold
One time for my mind and two for yours
I got food for your thoughts to sooth your soul
If you see my tears fall just let me be
Move along, nothing to see

I never felt better---

Since a youngin' always dreamed of gettin' rich
Look at me my nigga
Fantasize about a white picket fence
With some trees my nigga
Used to want a pathfinder with some tints
That's all I need my nigga
Throw some 20's on that bitch and get it wrenched
But now I see my nigga
That the worlds a lot bigger ever since
Picked up the paper and they say my nigga Eddie caught a body, I'm convinced
Anybody is a killer, all you gotta do is push 'em to the limps
Fuck being timid in the Civic
Politicin' with the pushers and the pimps
I'm tryna write a story, can I get a glimpse?
Yeah can I get a glimpse?

Last night I had a bad dream
That I was trapped in this city
Then I asked is that really such a bad thing?
They robbin' niggas on the daily
Keep on blamin' nigga that ain't never had things
Guess not, last night they pulled up on my nigga at the light like
Uh, nice watch, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
Hands in the air now, hands in the air

Small town nigga Hollywood dreams
I know that everything that glitters ain't gold
I know the shits not always good as it seems
But tell me till you get it how could you know
How could you know? How could you know?

Listen up I'm about to go and get rich
Fuck with me my nigga
We gonna slug around the Ville and hit a lick
Cop some tree my nigga
And some powder, bag it up and make it flip
You gon' see my nigga
One day we gon' graduate and cop a brick
And thats the key my nigga
Listen up I'm bout to go and get rich
Stand back and watch if you want to nigga
Me I want my pockets fat, badder bitch
Tired of seein' niggas flaunt, I wanna flaunt too nigga
Watch some rollers in the fuckin' Crown Vic
Tryna lock a nigga up, thats what they won't do nigga
Wanna know a funny thing about this shit?
Even if you let em' kill your dream it'll haunt you nigga

Last night I had a bad dream
That I was trapped in this city
Then I asked is that really such a bad thing?
I look around like do you wanna be another nigga, that ain't never had things?
Guess not, last night we pulled up on a nigga at the light like
Uh, nice watch, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
Hands in the air now, hands in the air

Father forgive me for me, childish ways
I look outside and all the clouds are gray
I need your hands to take me, miles away
Your wish is my command, my command, my command, but
Before you go I've got to, warn you now
Whatever goes up surely, must come down
And you get your piece but no peace, won't be found
So why just take me man, take me man, take me man
Your wish is my command, my command, my command---

Oh right, oh
Oh why na-da-da-da
I keep my head high
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong
I ask the lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful
I don't know why you call on me

This is my canvas
I'ma paint it how I want it baby, oh I
This is my canvas
I'ma paint it, paint it, paint it, how I want it nigga
Fuck you cause there
There is no right or wrong
Only a song
I like to write alone
Be in my zone
Think back to Forest Hills, no perfect home
But the only thing like home I've ever known
Until they snatched it from my mama
And foreclosed her on the loan
I'm so sorry that I left you there to deal with that alone
I was up in New York City chasin' panties, gettin' dome
Had no clue what you was goin' through
How could you be so strong?
And how could I be so selfish, I know I can be so selfish
I could tell by how I treat you with my girl
Damn she so selfless, but she put up with my way
Because she loves me like you do
And though it don't always show I love her just like I love you
And I need to treat you better
Wish you could live forever, so we could spend more time together
(I love you mama)

Oh right, oh
Oh why na-da-da-da
I keep my head high
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong
I ask the lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful
I don't know why you call on me

Apparently, you believe in me, you believe in me
Apparently, you believe in me and I thank you for it

Another day another rhyme ho
Another day another time zone
Today I woke up feelin' horny so it's only right
I got two bitches playin' on my trumbone
Keep up, never sure where the words would take me
Niggas eat em up, and regurgitate me
Shit jumped tight never slurred it lazy
Give a virgin the urge to rape me
Nigga please
Best friends really make great for enemies
My watch came niggas can't wait for one of these
I see you nigga, this ain't no Rolex, it's a AP nigga
I'm hot dog, catch up to me nigga
Uh, couldn't resist
Aim for the stars and I shouldn't have missed
But I was ridin' on fumes so I stopped by the moon
Now I'm sittin' on the hood of this bitch
Like thanks for the view
Waitin' on thanks from a few cause without me you wouldn't exist
You know that shit gave you the blueprint don't forget
Cole is your phone on zero percent
Going off, now niggas showin' off
Niggas swear they hard but they flowin' soft
I'm taking off like boing on a big ass Boeing
Gettin' head like a coin toss
Too easy

Oh right, oh
Oh why na-da-da-da
I keep my head high
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong
I ask the lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful
I don't know why you call on me

Apparently, you believe in me, you believe in me
Apparently, you believe in me and I thank you for it---

[Verse 1: J. Cole]

Spinning in circles, live my life without rehearsal
If I die today my nigga was it business? Was it personal?
Should this be my last breath I'm blessed cause it was purposeful
Never got to church to worship lord but please be merciful
You made me versatile, well-rounded like cursive
Know you chose me for a purpose, I put my soul in these verses
Born sinner, was never born to be perfect
Sucka for women licking their lips and holding these purses
Back when we ran the streets who would think we grow to be murderers
Teachers treated niggas as if they totally worthless
And violent, and hopeless
I saw but never noticed that a college point is right to
'Be all that you can be' posters
Rest in peace to Tiffany, I don't know if this is the realest shit I wrote
But know the realest nigga wrote this
And signed it, and sealed it in a envelope and knew one day you'd find it
And knew one day that you'd come back and rewind this, singing...

[Hook: James Fauntleroy]

I'm a born sinner
But I die better than that, swear
You were always where I needed you to be
Whether you were there or not there (I was there)
I was born sinning
But I live better than that (better tonight)
If you ain’t fucking with that
I don’t care (yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 2: J. Cole]

Yeah, this music shit is a gift
But God help us make it cause this music business is a cliff
I got a life in my grip, she holding tight to my wrist
She screaming: "Don't let me slip"
She see the tears in my eyes, I see the fear on her lips
True when I told you: "You the only reason why I don't flip and go insane"
My roof in the pouring rain
You knew me before the fame, don't lose me the more I change
No, just grow with me, go broke you go broke with me
I smoke you gon' smoke with me
Woman's curse since birth, man lead her to the hearse
I go Bobby you go Whitney damn
Listen here, I'll tell you my biggest fears
You the only one who knows them
Don't you ever go expose them
This life is harder than you'll probably ever know
Emotions I hardly ever show
More for you than for me
Don't you worry yourself
I gotta do this for me
They tell me life is a test but where's the tutor for me
Pops came late I'm already stuck in my ways
Ducking calls from my mother for days
Sometimes she hate the way she raised me but she love what she raised
Can't wait to hand her these house keys with nothing to say
Except

[Hook]---Lyrics submitted by michele.

Need y'all niggas to feel me yo,
Feel my pain...
Said soft niggas can't last hard times yo,
Believe that shit.
Real niggas don't cry...
Look,
Yo...

Was just a youngin' with that fresh fade,
Bird chest, legs skinny,
That hoop dreaming had me tryna be the next Penny,
Fresh pennies on my feet,
Momma paid for everything I'm wearing,
At the fair staring at girls, not a care in the world.
Aw. nigga, but shit done changed since "Mayne" was my nickname,
A little nigga chasing things, tryna kick game,
Now I'm a man worried about my fam'
Let me explain,
Its like my pockets stay broke, and if not them shits sprained.
And so I rap for my niggas trapped in the struggle,
Feeling like the world's on your back so you stumble,
And it feels like a quarterback get sacked, and then you fumble.
Jobs don't call a nigga back so it's back to the hustle.
Niggas praying for they moms,
At the same time they moms pray for them.
Ask the Lord to stay with them, guide them on they way,
But damn a nigga been a lost fate.
It hurts on the usual,
The only time you catch me up at church is a funeral.

Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga,
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga,
I don't know if I'll see tomorrow,
But I won't cry, no, I can't cry.
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga,
But fuck that, I'm aiming for the stars, my nigga,
I won't stop, try 'til the day I die,
And I won't cry, no, I can't cry, no.

I sit back and watch the news every now and then,
Either get depressed or mad from watching the world just crash,
Even the weathers bad.
It be the same shit, got my brain twisted,
Like damn it's '06 and niggas still up on that gang shit?
Yesterday this kid got his whole frame split
Only seventeen, he was finna graduate in like three weeks,
some stupid niggas got him for his chain,
But he fought back, they blasted him and left him on the pavement
And now they telling me this little girl just got raped,
Some dude snatched her and she was standing at the bus stop, wait,
man she just eleven!
What the fuck is up with this world,
got these grown niggas fucking with girls?
Plus the cops harassing us,
every week be blasting us, on accident, or so they claim
Reporters sympathizing like they truly know the pain
They killed her only son,
Make her wanna blow her brains out,
Change the channel man I can't watch this shit...

Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga,
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga,
I don't know if I'll see tomorrow,
But I won't cry, no, I can't cry.
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga,
But fuck that, I'm aiming for the stars, my nigga,
I won't stop, try 'til the day I die,
And I won't cry, no, I can't cry, no.

Take a ride through the city man and tell me what you witness.
Poverty, richness, crooked cops and misfits,
violence, hatred, real devastation,
neighborhoods looking like there's still segregation,
welfare, single mothers, no jobs,
tryna get a piece for yourself, but they hogging up the whole pie,
fiegns in the street so high off of that crack shit,
this nigga thirteen with a gat under his mattress...
White folks got the road to success mapped and that's all good,
but why don't black's got that same atlas?
I asked the same question a million ways
and it seems like I had prayed for a million days.
Still the ills remain - just bills and pain.
Shoot outs and project buildings, children slain,
skies filled with rain and I just sit and wonder why.
Its enough to make a nigga wanna cry,
but I can't though...

Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga,
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga,
I don't know if I'll see tomorrow,
But I won't cry, no, I can't cry.
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga,
But fuck that, I'm aiming for the stars, my nigga,
I won't stop, try 'til the day I die,
And I won't cry, no, I can't cry, no.---Lyrics submitted by savannah.

Nigga why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for ya, either way it go
Tell me girl why you be stressin me for time
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb
Damn my nigga why you actin' like a bitch
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here baby why you always insecure?
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

Ain't a way around it no more, I am the greatest
A lotta niggas sat on the throne, I am the latest
I am the bravest, go toe to toe with the giants
I ain't afraid of you niggas, I'll end up fading you niggas
'Fore it's all said and done, this nigga need medicine
My uzi it weighed a ton, I need me a better gun
In fact I just might need two, cuz niggas say they the one
And I got something to prove
Forgive me lord here they come, BLAOOW

Nigga why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for ya, either way it go
Tell me girl why you be stressin me for time
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb
Damn my nigga why you actin' like a bitch
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here baby why you always insecure?
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

My inhibitions, fighting my intuition
Premature premonition
Showin me the demoliton of these phony niggas
So ahead of my time
Even when I rhyme about the future I be reminiscing
You want the truth well come and listen
I'm like that time you bagged a dime
And checked ya phone and saw it was a number missing
As fate passes you by, half of you try
The other half of you fry, too high to actually fly
One day y'all have to decide, who you gon' be
A scary nigga or a nigga that's gon' rule like me
Keep it true like me, Cole you might be
Like the new Ice Cube, meets the new Ice-T
Meets 2 Live Crew, meets the new Spike Lee
Meets Bruce like Wayne, meets Bruce like Lee
Meets '02 Lil Wayne, in a new white tee
Meets KD, ain't no nigga that can shoot like me! BLAOOOW

Nigga why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for ya, either way it go
Tell me girl why you be stressin me for time
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb
Damn my nigga why you actin' like a bitch
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here baby why you always insecure?
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

(Who's the king?)
Came from the bottom nigga, with stains on my shirt
What you expected from me, I came from the dirt
(Who's the king?)
Money my motivator, the songs that I sing
Picture a peasant passin' from pawn to a King
You tell me ya still love me, if so then let me go
Will I return or will I burn, never know
Look in my eyes and see the future
But don't sugar coat it

Listen
History repeats itself and that's just how it goes
Same way that these rappers always bite each others flows
Same thing that my nigga Elvis did with Rock n Roll
Justin Timberlake, Eminem, and then Macklemore
While silly niggas argue over who gone snatch the crown
Look around my nigga white people have snatched the sound
This year I’ll prolly go to the awards dappered down
Watch Iggy win a Grammy as I try to crack a smile
I'm just playin', but all good jokes contain true shit
Same rope you climb up on, they'll hang you with
But not Jermaine, my aim too sick
I bang nigga, I came to bring the pain my brain too quick
You see how I maneuver this game, I ain't stupid
I recognize that life is a dream, and I dream lucid
And break the chains and change minds, one verse at a time
And claim too sick. And fuck it, if the shoe fits
Who's the king?

We all kings
(We all kings nigga)
Kings of ourselves first and foremost
(True)
While the people debate who's the king of this rap game
Here comes lil' ol' Jermaine
With every ounce of strength in his veins
To snatch the crown from whoever y'all think has it
But rather than place it on his head as soon as he grabs it
Poof, boom, paow, it's like magic
With a flash and a BANG the crown disintegrates
And falls to the Earth from which it came
It's done
Ain't gonna be no more kings
Be wary of any man that claims
Because deep down he clings onto the need for power
But in reality he's a coward
Ultimately he's scared to die
And sometimes so am I
But when I'm in tune with the most high
I realize
The fear lies in my lack of awareness of the other side
Today I know that we are the same
Are the same, you and I
Different kind of skin, different set of eyes
Two different minds, but only one God
(It's only one God nigga)
It's for all the kings
Cause deep down I know every poet just wanna be loved---

Hollywood Cole
Go
Ay Hollywood
Hollywood Cole
Go

You wanna know just where I'm at
Well let me tell you 'bout it
I put my city on the map
But let me tell you 'bout it
They tryna say I can't come back
Ay let me tell you 'bout it
Man fuck them nigga I come back
Ay let me tell you 'bout it
I wanna tell you 'bout it
Hands up, everybody run
Cole outside and he say he got a gun
Niggas like "man that's what everybody say"
Go and pop the trunk and everybody dead
Everybody scared of the nigga
Aware that the nigga is better
All my bitches the pick of the litter
Never bitter
Niggas is faker than anime
Me I never hate, get cake like Anna Mae, woah
Eat the cake bitch, eat the damn cake
Fuck good nigga we demand great
Order Domino's and she take off all her clothes
Nigga you know how it goes, make the pizza man wait
The best kept secret
Even hoes try and keep it and I leak the damn tape
Rest in peace any nigga want beef
Even secret service couldn't keep the man safe

I said to the window, to the wall
My nigga ride when I call
Got bitches all in my mind
Fuck nigga blocking my shine
I know the reason you feel the way
I know just who you wan' be
So everyday I thank the man upstairs
That I ain't you and you ain't me

Get off my dick, woah
(Get the fuck off my dick)
Get off my dick, woah
(Get the fuck off my dick nigga)
Get off my dick, bitch, woah
(Get the fuck off my dick)
Get off my dick, bitch, woah

Man fuck them niggas I come home and I don't tell nobody
They gettin' temporary dough and I don't tell nobody
Lord will you tell me if I changed, I won't tell nobody
I wanna go back to Jermaine, and I won't tell nobody
This is the part that the thugs skip
Young nigga never had love
You know, foot massage, back rub shit
Blowing bubbles in the bathtub shit
That is until I met you
Together we done watch years go by
Seen a river of your tears go by
Got me thinkin' bout some kids, still I
Tell them hoes come through
(The break up)
Get to know somebedy and you learn a lot about 'em
When we long for you, start to doubt 'em
Tell yourself you better off without 'em
Then in time you will find can't walk without 'em
Can't talk without 'em, can't breath without 'em
Came here together, you can't leave without 'em
So you walk back in, make a scene about 'em
On your Amerie it's just 1 thing about 'em
It's called love
Niggas don't sing about it no more
Don't nobody sing about it no more
No more, no more
It's called love
Niggas don't sing about it no more
Don't nobody sing about it no more
(Nigga I don't sing about this shit no more)
But there a nigga in the club singing

I said to the window, to the wall
My nigga ride when I call
Got bitches all in my mind
Fuck nigga blocking my shine
I know the reason you feel the way
I know just who you wan' be
So everyday I thank the man upstairs
That I ain't you and you ain't me

Get off my dick
But every nigga in the club singing
Singing this song yeah
Got all the bitches in the club singing
Singing this song yeah
And all they mamas let their kids sing it
Sing this song yeah
The baby mamas and the mistresses
Singing this song yeah
Song yeah, song song yeah

(The make up)
This shit is retarded
Why every rich black nigga gotta be famous
Why every broke black nigga gotta be brainless
That's a stereotype
Driven by some people up in Ariel Heights
Here's a scenario
Young Cole pockets is fat like little Terrio
Dreamville, give us a year we'll be on every show
Yeah fuck nigga I'm very sure
Fuck the rest I'm the best nigga out
When I'm back home I'm the best in the South
When I'm in LA I'm the best in the West
You can test, you can test, I'mma stretch niggas out
Oooh I'mma stretch niggas out
That go for all y'all if I left niggas out
This shit for everbody on my testicle
Please make sure you put the rest in your mouth, ho ---

Hello, hello, hello
Hello, hello, hello

And I thought about you today
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the things we did
And I thought about your newest kid
And damn that makes 2 now
Oh what do I do now?

Cause if we ever got together
I'd have to be them niggas step-pops forever
And well that ain't my thing cause I
I ain't even got my own
And I ain't really got no home
No place to put these things I own
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the games you used to play
And I thought about that little kid
And I thought about the things we did
I always thought that we would be together
I always knew that we would be together
But I don't wanna wait forever
I don't wanna wait forever

Hello, hello, hello
Hello, hello, hello

Hello, hello?
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Shit seem so sad when you look back
Everything's so sad when you look back

On the rebound like a book back
On the rebound like a put back
Don't just sit back, bitch get on it
Time fly by way too quick don't it
Reflection bring regrets don't it
Rejection makes you defensive
So you protect your pride with your reflexes
But life is a game with no reset on the end

It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It's all good

It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It's all good

Hello, hello, hello
Hello, hello, hello

And I thought about you today
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the things we did
And I thought about your newest kid
And damn that makes 2 now
Oh what do I do now?---

Fuck it,
Ay,
Do or Die, new arrival,
Holla at my niggas,
You survive you's alive, yo,
Now either you follow me and ride, or you's a rival.
The difference between you and I is you a model, you posing.
But who am I though?
The mulatto out for that lotto,
Money coming soon, the newest model,
Your crew is hollow,
The type of niggas got more dick, chew and swallow.
Your girl told me shoot in her face, she suicidal,
Oh shucks, you niggas is closed, you fold up.
I'm from the Ville, niggas get killed over four bucks,
Thank God we made it, my niggas, we grown up,
Now we crazy over that bread, call us the "dough-nuts," uh,
More sluts once the money blows up,
But them hoes stop if the dough drops,
I won't stop though, a chip off the 'ol block.
I'm from a city where niggas hole blocks,
Leave you looking like old socks, damn,
Cops patrol blocks, spotting on us,
The boys is rotten, I know they want us,
Probably arrest a nigga, get a bonus,
You kill a nigga, get promoted,

Shit is crazy, girls getting babies before they get diplomas,
So much I just go nuts,
Niggas telling me slow up,
Remember that,
I'm tryna get where that cheddar at,
Y'all don't hear me,
Always somebody that don't want you getting cheese, yo,
This whole bullshit is like Tom and Jerry,
I'm kinda very raw, niggas can't deny facts,
If you black they sending you to jail or Iraq,
Honor is something you can't sell or buy back,
Niggas don't like bragging, they 9-11 fly cats,
Hijack niggas, "Get up out your whip nigga, strip!
I want it all- ice on your wrists and the kicks,"
This shit happens, I ain't just rapping, believe it yo,
They got streets in the city police won't even go,
Peep it though, uh,
It ain't no secret, niggas beefing cause my ego so big,
It got me speaking like I'm diesel, like I'm devil, oh,
Niggas know my stylo, I ain't tweaking, I am lethal though,
Have your daddy looking for you,
This ain't Finding Nemo though.
Let me slow it down, dumb it down, y'all warned,
The son came up out that womb, yo, a star is born.
If real recognize real, y'all are foreign,
My team run a play on your bitch and we all scoring, yea!---Lyrics submitted by imaniani g.

The real is back, the ville is back
Flow bananas here, peel this back
And what you'll find is, your highness
Can paint a picture that is vivid enough to cure blindness
Carolina's finest, you knew that already
And turned to the greatest, I proved that already
And if you would like, I do it twice
I just sharpen my blade for a minute became lost in my ways
This for my niggas that was tossin' the graves
Every so often I fade deep in my thoughts and get lost in the days
We used to play before your coffin was made
Just got the call nigga got caught with a stray
Hope he's okay
Just got paid what Cochran got paid to free OJ
Just to share my life on the stage in front of strangers
Who know a nigga far too well, and that's the danger
Know me better than I know myself
I rip a page out my notebook in anger
And let these thoughts linger, singing

Don't give 'em too much you
Don't let 'em take control
It's one thing you do
Don't let 'em taint your soul
If you believe in God
One thing's for sure
If you ain't aim too high
Then you aim too low

What's the price for a black man life?
I check the toe tag, not one zero in sight
I turn the TV on, not one hero in sight
Unless he dribble or he fiddle with mics
Look out the window cause tonight the city lit up with lights, cameras and action
May no man alive come through and damage my faction
I brought you niggas with me cause I love you like my brothers
And your mothers' like my mother
Think we need a plan of action
The bigger we get the more likely egos collide
It's just physics, please let's put our egos aside
You my niggas, and should our worst tendencies turn us into enemies
I hope that we remember these
Nights fulla Hennessey
When Hov around we switch up to that D'usse
Gotta show respect, one day we tryna stay where you stay
Cause we from where you from
Not talkin' bout the slums
I'm talkin' 'bout that mind state that keep a black nigga dumb
Keep a black nigga dyin' by a black nigga gun
And keep on listening to the frontin' ass rap niggas son
Yeah I said son
This is New York's finest
For 11 winters straight I took on New York's climate
Like show me New York's ladder
I climb it and set the bar so high that you gotta get Obama to force the air force to find it
Never mind it, you'll never reach that
Cole is the hypnotist, control the game whenever he snap
That's every track

Don't give 'em too much you
Don't let 'em take control
It's one thing you do
Don't let 'em taint your soul
If you believe in God
One thing's for sure
If you ain't aim too high
Then you aim too low

I ain't serve no pies, I ain't slang no dope
I don't bring no lies, niggas sang my quotes
I don't play no games, boy I ain't no joke
Like the great Rakim, when I make my notes
You niggas might be L or you might be Kane
Or you might be Slick Rick with 19 chains
Or you might be Drizzy Drake or Kendrick Lamar
But check your birth date nigga, you ain't the God
Nah you ain't the God
Nigga Cole the God
January 28th ---

Love yours
Love yours

No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive
Fake niggas mad, snakes
Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrive
Don't be sleepin' on your level cause its beauty in the struggle nigga
Goes for all y'all
It's beauty in the struggle nigga
(Let me explain)
It's beauty in the struggle , ugliness in the success
Hear my words or listen to my signal of distress
I grew up in the city and though some times we had less
Compared to some of my niggas down the block man we were blessed
And life can't be no fairytale, no once upon a time
But I be God damned if a nigga don't be tryin'
So tell me mama please why you be drinking all the time?
Does all the pain he brought you still linger in your mind?
Cause pain still lingers on mine
On the road to riches listen this is what you'll find
The good news is nigga you came a long way
The bad news is nigga you went the wrong way
Think being broke was better

No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

For what's money without happiness?
Or hard times without the people you love
Though I'm not sure what's 'bout to happen next
I asked for strength from the Lord up above
Cause I've been strong so far
But I can feel my grip loosening
Quick, do something before you lose it for good
Get it back and use it for good
And touch the people how you did like before
I'm tired of living with demons cause they always inviting more
Think being broke was better
Now I don't mean that phrase with no disrespect
To all my niggas out there living in debt
Cashing minimal checks
Turn on the TV see a nigga Rolex
And fantasize about a life with no stress
I mean this shit sincerely
And that's a nigga who was once in your shoes
Living with nothin' to lose
I hope one day you hear me
Always gon' be a bigger house somewhere, but nigga feel me
Long as the people in that motherfucker love you dearly
Always gon' be a whip that's better than the the one you got
Always gon' be some clothes that's fresher than the ones you rock
Always gon' be a bitch that's badder out there on the tours
But you ain't never gon' be happy till you love yours

No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive
Fake niggas mad, snakes
Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrive---

First things first rest in peace Uncle Phil
For real, you the only father that I ever knew
I get my bitch pregnant I'ma be a better you
Prophesies that I made way back in the Ville
For Phil, Listen even back when we was broke my team ill
Martin Luther King would have been on Dreamville
Talk to a nigga

One time for my LA sisters
One time for my LA hoes
Lame niggas can't tell the difference
One time for a nigga who knows

Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved

No role models and I'm here right now
No role models to speak of
Searchin' through my memory, my memory
I couldn't find one
Last night I was gettin' my feet rubbed
By the baddest bitch, not Trina, but I swear to God
This bitch will make you call your girl up and tell her "Hey, what's good?"
"Sorry I'm never comin' home I'ma stay for good"
Then hang the phone up, and proceed to lay the wood
I came fast like 9-1-1 in white neighborhoods
Ain't got no shame bout it
She think I'm spoiled and I'm rich cause I can have any bitch
I got defensive and said "Nah, I was the same without it"
But then I thought back, back to a better me
Before I was a B-list celebrity
Before I started callin' bitches bitches so heavily
Back when you could get a platinum plaque without no melody
You wasn't sweatin' me

One time for my LA sisters
One time for my LA hoes
Lame niggas can't tell the difference
One time for a nigga who knows

Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved

I want a real love, dark skinned and Aunt Viv love
That Jada and that Will love
That leave a toothbrush at your crib love
And you ain't gotta wonder whether that's your kid love
Nigga I don't want no bitch from reality shows
Out of touch with reality hoes
Out in Hollywood bringin' back 5 or 6 hoes
Fuck em' then we kick em' to the door
Nigga you know how it go
She deserved that, she a bird, it's a bird trap
You think if I didn't rap she would flirt back
Takin' off her skirt, let her wear my shirt before she leave
I'ma need my shirt back
Nigga you know how it go

One time for my LA sisters
One time for my LA hoes
Lame niggas can't tell the difference
One time for a nigga who knows

Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved

There's an old saying in Tennessee - I know it's in Texas - probably in Tennessee that says fool me once, shame on - shame on you.
If you fool me we can't get fooled again

Fool me one time shame on you
Fool me twice, can't put the blame on you
Fool me three times, fuck the peace signs
Load the chopper, let it rain on you

Fool me one time shame on you
Fool me twice, can't put the blame on you
Fool me three times, fuck the peace signs
Load the chopper, let it rain on you

My only regret was too young for Lisa Bonet
My only regret was too young for Nia Long
Now all I'm left with is hoes from reality shows
Hand her a script the bitch probably couldn't read along
My only regret was too young for Sade Adu
My only regret could never take Aaliyah home
Now all I'm left with is hoes up in Greystone
With the stale face cause they know it's they song
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)

Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved---

And wherever we go
And whatever we do
And whatever we see
And whoever we be
It don't matter
It don't matter
I don't mind cause you don't matter
I don't mind cause I don't matter
(And don't shit matter)
You'll see in the end

I've got a feeling that there's somethin' more
Something that holds us together
Something that holds us together
The strangest feeling but I can't be sure
Something that's old is forever
Something that's old is forever
Love
Love
Love
Love

And wherever we go
And whatever we do
And whatever we see
And whoever we be
It don't matter
It don't matter
I don't mind cause you don't matter
I don't mind cause I don't matter
(And don't shit matter)
You'll see in the end

Yeah nigga, Forest Hills Drive. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's it. We made it, baby! 
As we speak the last sample just cleared. 
Thank you to whoever in Japan, just cleared that shit. 
Turn my vocal up and turn the headphones down a little bit. 
I gotta do my thank you's man. 
I didn't have enough time to turn my thank you's for the artwork, so fuck it. 
I'mma do it right now

This is the credits. 
This is role credits nigga, if you don't wanna sit through the credits get your ass up and walk out the movie theatre. 
First and foremost my entire Dreamville team, thank you man. 
Before that I'm buggin, thank you God! 
Oh my God. 
Everything happened too perfectly and in line, this whole thing

Thank you God. 
Thank my Dreamville family. 
Mez who fuckin' sleep right now, that nigga ain't even recording this thing right now. 
Niggas been working' hard mna, Mez I'm proud as fuck of you man, for real you killed this shit. 
Ib what up. 
El Presidente what up! We killed this shit nigga, we killed this shit nigga! 
I don't give a fuck if we sell 3 copies nigga, we killed this shit nigga!

My nigga Adam, I'm proud of y'all man, for real. Ron Gilmore, my nigga. 
Yes, Camille, yes that's my sister. 
Casey, that's like a father figure right there, Casey. 
My brother Ced, wow, we done came a long way from the Ville, my nigga (Grey Street?). 
My nigga Felton, you killed it, you killed that Friday Night Lights shit nigga and you killed this one too man. 
I shoulda been coming to you man. You only do the classics though, that's what it is, for real. 
My nigga Mike Shaw shiggity, you already know where he at right now posted up somewhere in D.R. 
My nigga RJ Trump Trump gettin' that motherfuckin' bread, you know what it is man. 
My nigga Diz, I see you, I see your vision, I believe in you. 
I love y'all niggas. Big D, thank you man for real. 
(Teddy what up) (Shotgun) We believe in y'all, (Proof!) you and the fiends, my nigga Bassy Badass, Bas, Bas, Bas, I can't believe it nigga! 
(Marquis Jones) You changed your life, man, keep goin'. 
Keep goin', the sky is the limit. Fuck that, man, Super Mooking Fiends. 
It's Super Mooking Fiends nigga!

My nigga Depp, you know what I mean? 
Razzle Dazzle, Elite, Elite, Elite, Elite what up! 
What up man, my nigga Reagan put in them hours! 
My nigga Omen, man, elephant eyes, that shit is confirmed classic, man. 
Dreamville, we only did confirmed classics so far, that's all we doin'. 
Yo Elijah! Aye if we go diamond, nigga you got the triple crown, man. First 50, then Usher, nigga you fuckin' out of here. 
But we might go wood though. Nervous Wreck, man, congratulations to you, brother, I love you. 
(At least go silver) Filthy, I love you too, man. 
I know you feel a way about me right now but I love you. 
Yo shout to the young niggas, man. 
Forreal, we blessed to have y'all on board, man, we feel so grateful

Cozz, that Cozz and Effect is a mothafuckin' classic, nigga. 
I be ridin' my bike through Manhattan listenin' to that shit, man. 
I've been livin' with that shit for like the past 4 days, I finally got a chance to slow down. 
That shit is a classic, my nigga. 
Congratulations to you. 
We don't give a fuck what it sold, I don't even know what that shit sold to tell you the truth, man. 
And I'm proud of you, man. I'm proud of you and your homeboys. 
Y'all it's really gon' be great to watch y'all grow. 
I'm appreciatin' watchin' y'all grow more than we did! 
I get to relive it all again and actually appreciate it this time. 
Shout out to the whole committee, man. 
Tone, ?, what up. 
My nigga Money Makin Matt, what up man? 
Treat them boys right, man

Everybody that was involved in makin' this album, my nigga Jack who's at the board right now, what's up man!? 
Yo you made the album, man! We gon' live forever, man! 
You gotta loop the beat up right now though cause it can't... okay Raff, Rugged Raff, Perfect Sound Studios, LA we couldn't have did it without you. 
My nigga Dave Linaburg, Nate Jones, Yolanda, TS, Kaye Fox came through and killed it. 
My nigga Quick with the clean versions, Vinylz killed that beat! 
My nigga Phonics, oh that beat is hard! 
Dahi brought that beat, who does that? 
Pop & Oak, my nigga Pop, thank you man, and Willie B I never missed you but you did the beat. 
!llmind you killed the beat, Social Experiment, my nigga Jeff on the guitar, you know what I mean? 
Nuno did the mothafuckin' strings, I appreciate that shit, man! 
We gon' pay you. 
Hey, the horn players that came through, I don't know y'all names but y'all killed that shit, man, we was lovin' that shit! 
? the girl's on the mothafuckin' strings. We appreciate it.
? a little wild, I ain't gon' lie. 
Uh, maybe that was my fault, I set y'all up with ?. 
But it's all good, we still killed it though. 
And all the mothafuckin' samples that cleared, thank you, y'all be tryin' to give a nigga a hard time on the samples, man! 
I'ma go to the fuckin' Supreme Court and try to make this shit easier for niggas like me to clear these samples, man. 
If you made the fuckin' music, and you made the art, and you put it into the world, I should be able to use it however the fuck I want. 
I'ma pay you, I'ma give you a percentage, but you shouldn't be able to tell me I can't use it. 
Thats fucked up nigga. 
Yous was inspired by the world allow the world to be inspired by your shit, and to use your shit ---

(feat. Miguel)

[Hook 1: J. Cole]
Got me up all night, all I'm singin' is love songs
She got me up all night, constant drinkin' and love songs
She got me up all night, down and out with these love songs
She got me up all night, drownin' out with these love songs
She got me up all night, all I'm singin' is love songs
She got me up all night, constant drinkin' and love songs
She got me up all night, down and out with these love songs
She got me open all night, got me open all night

[Verse 1: J. Cole]
Okay, back when I was sleepin’ in my mama’s crib
Even back then when I was up there in Mohammed crib
Payin’ seventeen-hundred for the rent, money well spent
No heater, but a nigga made heat, may I vent
Had a thing for you, even wrote the song dreams for you
Cause I had dreams for you, thoughts of a ring for you
Childish shit, you know childish shit
Anonymous flowers sent, you know coward shit
Now a nigga signed to Hov, took a power trip
Back home I'm grown now and this city's my throne now
The same clubs I used to get tossed out
Life got crisscrossed, totally crossed out
Cause now I'm in this bitch and I'm totally bossed out
Old chicks cryin' cause they know that they lost out
But I'm still on you, I'm still on you
My drink spilled on me, while I feel on you
I'm saying...

[Hook 2: Miguel & J. Cole]
Would you believe me if I said I'm in love?
Baby, I want you to want me
Would you believe me if I said I'm in love?
Baby, I want ya

And we are we are we are
Got me up all night
And we are we are we are
All I'm singin' is love songs
And we are we are we are
Got me up all night
And we are we are we are
She got me
And we are we are we are
She got me

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
Well this has gotta be the longest crush ever
If I ever get to fuck it'd be the longest bust ever
Love is a drug, like the strongest stuff ever
And, fuck it I'm on one, you feel me?
She on a power trip, she got me where she want a nigga
Wifin' in the club, man my homies' gon' disown a nigga
Like, give me 20 dolla, dolla
Ass stupid, how you get to college, college
I'm in your city and I'm wonderin' if you're home now
Went and found a man, but I'm hopin' you alone now
Can't help but feelin' like I dropped the ball, cliche
I used to pop up on you at the mall each day
Now typically I kick game like Eastbay
But you got a nigga freeze-framed yellin', "Please play!"
For pete's sake, homie pull it together
Just fuck her one time and be through it forever
But...

[Hook 2 & Hook 1]---Lyrics submitted by Amber King.

[Verse 1]
I hate rich niggas goddammit
Cause I ain't never had a lot dammit
Who you had to kill, who you had to rob
Who you had to fuck just to make it to the top dammit.
Or maybe that's daddy money, escalator no ladder money
Escalating new caddy money
Worst fear going broke cause I'm bad with money.
Crookest smile nigga momma never had the money damn
I ain't trippin' a nigga Jordan I ain't Pippen yeah
Up the steps I ain't slippin'
Tears blood sweat I ain't crippin, Pierce
A song you can sing along with when you down
So I let you know you ain't alone shit
When your momma ain't at home cause she got a second job
Delivering pizzas you think she out there getting robbed
Please God watch her I know how niggas do
Half cracker but a nigga too
Talking all that shit 'bout your step-pops
How he was a dog now look at you
I ain't bad as that nigga plus dawg I'm a grown man now
I ain't mad at that nigga
But if a plane crash and only it killed his lame ass
I'd be glad its that nigga
Did Kate dirty now it's back to broke
Refund check she used that to float.
Momma gets depressed falls in love with the next maniac
On crack use that to cope.
Make a nigga smoke a whole sack of dope
Writing rhymes tryna bring back the hope
Try to ride the storm out and crash the boat could of drowned
But I grabbed the rope

There go you (x3)
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew(x3)

[Hook: (x2)]
You got what I want
I got what you need
How much for your soul and uh
How much for your soul and uh

[Verse 2]
I hate rich niggas goddammit
Cause I ain't never had a lot dammit
Niggas can't front on the flows you got
But every fucking verse how much dough you got
Homie, don't quit now hear my shit and tried to switch now.
Know you felt the shit just now, know you felt the shit just now
Ain't it more to you? Don't it ever get boring to you?
I realize deep down you a coward getting high off of power
Fuck it more to you, so I threw you
And it made me ashamed that I played the game
Not for more money like Damon Wayons
Wanted the respect but it came with fame
I just wanted love but it just ain't the same
I took a train down memory lane
And watching little Jermaine do his thang before he made a name
It's like ? Basquiat
He gave it all he got now the nigga don't paint the same.
I guess he can't complain
All the money that be raining in
Spend a hundred thou for the chain again
Thinking old school niggas like Dana Dane
Probably kill for another claim to fame
My brain the same, yeah nigga at least he ain't insane
You ain't crazy motherfucker you just afraid of change.
That's new, maybe that's true
But listen here I got a bigger fear
Of one day that I become you.
And I become lost and I become heartless
And numb from all the Ménages
Just one bitch don't feel the same no more
And Henny don't really kill the pain no more
Now I'm Cobain with a shotgun aimed at my brain
Cause I can't maintain no more.
Tad bit extreme I know.
Money can't save your soul.
But there go you

There go you
There go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew
And nigga who you (x3)
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew

[Hook]

How much for your soul and uh---Lyrics submitted by Nani Santos.

Roll up and smoke my sins away
I'd like to go to St. Tropez
Maybe I'll go maybe I'll stay
Maybe I'll stay
She asked me if I'm scared to fly
To tell the truth I'm terrified
I never been that high before
Very bad reason not to go
Terrible reason not to go

He's on his way, he's bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
Show him the way, he's about to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood

Ay from the dark I showed you my scars and I told you girl, I won't lie
If we at war, then this is a war that I can't afford (No I, I, I)
I wanted more but that was before
Lord knows I'm torn, so I...I.. cry
From the corner of my eye, baby
It's been hard for me to smile
Lately
It's been hard for me to smile
It's been hard for me to smile
It's been hard for me to smile

If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home

He's on his way, he's bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
Show him the way, he's about to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood---

Cole
Cole world
Yeah
Let me take y'all back man
As I do so well

Wasn't nothin' like that
Man, it wasn't nothin' like that first time
She was in my math class
Long hair, brown skin with the fat ass
Sat beside me, used to laugh, had mad jokes
The teacher always got mad so we passed notes
It started off so innocent
She had a vibe and a nigga started diggin' it
I was a youngen' straight crushin' tryna play this shit cool
But a nigga couldn't wait to get to school
Cause when I seen 'em thighs on her and them hips on her and them lips on her
Got me daydreaming, man what
I'm thinkin' how she rides on it, if she sits on it, if she licks on it
Make it hard for me to stand up
As time goes by, attractions getting deep and
Wet dreaming thinkin' that I'm smashin' but I'm sleepin'
I want it bad, and I ain't never been obsessed before
She wrote a note that said "You ever had sex before"
Damn

And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no

I wrote back and said "Of course I had sex before"
Knowing I was frontin'
I said I'm like a pro baby
Knowing I was stuntin'
But if I told the truth I knew I'd get played out son
Hadn't been in pussy since the day I came out one
But, she don't know that
So she done wrote back and told me
"Oh you a pro homie? Well I want you to show me
My mama gone for the weekend
So Saturday baby we can get to freakin'"
That's when my heart start racing and my body start sweatin'
Baby you done woke my lil' man up
I'm thinkin' how that body look naked when you laying on the bed
Teacher please don't make me stand up
I wrote back like "Yeah baby sound like a plan"
Still trying to play it cool, sound like the man
But I was scared to death my nigga, my stomach turned
Talking shit knowing damn well I was a virgin
Fuck

And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no

You know that feelin' when you you finna bone for the first time
I'm hoping that she won't notice it's my first time
I'm hoping that my shit is big enough to fuck with
And most of all I'm praying "God don't let me bust quick"
I'm watching pornos trying to see just how to stroke right
Practice putting condoms on, how it go right
I'm in her crib now a nigga palms sweatin'
With a pocket full of rubbers and an erection
That's when my hands start touching and her face start blushing
And a nigga roll over on top
And then she get my pants unbuckled and her hands start rubbing
On me, ooh girl don't stop
It's time for action
Pull out the condoms real smooth, yeah just how I practiced
But right before I put it in, she flinched and grabbed it and said
"I wanna get something off my mental
I can tell you a pro, but baby be gentle cause"

And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no
And I ain't never did this before no---