

Yeah, I'm taking niggas' lunch money 
Too bad, I was f---ing hungry 
Real niggas don't notice you 
I'm the only dopeboy quotable 

Mami tryna land a Sinatra 
So she don't f--- niggas with Apple watches 
Cause Rolex shopping is more exciting 
Shout out to dopeboy LED 16 swipers 
Howard homecoming kingpins 
Movie on my neck with the screen gems 
Me and my nigga havin' bottle wars 
40 thousand on the floor when them bottles pour 
Spill, nigga, a Blu Ray to your DVD 
You might've caught me on TMZ 
Cameo tryna sue a nigga (f--- 'em) 
Cuz I party hard like it's three of me 
America's still abusing us 
And 9/11 is the Ku Klux 
So why wouldn't I fire back 
When everyday them niggas shooting us? 
True enough, I'm out of line 
You better stand for something before you out of time 
This is crime by design 
If the crown ain't mine tell me who am I behind 

Yeah, I'm taking niggas' lunch money 
Too bad, I was f---ing hungry 
Real niggas don't notice you 
I'm the only dopeboy quotable 

Pocket get me everything I want 
Riding 'round with Miguel Cotto in the trunk 
What I'm cooking in the kitchen, niggas 
Bobby Brown, New Edition, niggas 
What I'm wearing in this blizzard, nigga 
Mink, leather or it's lizard, nigga 
St. Laurent, I'm in all layers 
The mannequin to you ballplayers 
Shout out my Mac 11 monster 
Grew up on Nintendo playing Contra 
And though that nigga only 5'9 
100 bodies on his timeline 
What's the price of success? 
Lost my bitch, bought a chef 
The 911 cost 211 
Watch looking like a jeweler's heaven 
Hottest 7, I'm so alive 
Your bank account Swiss, nigga, so is mine 
This is crime by design 
If the crown ain't mine tell me who am I behind 

Yeah, I'm taking niggas' lunch money 
Too bad, I was f---ing hungry 
Real niggas don't notice you 
I'm the only dopeboy quotable---

(feat. Rick Ross)

[Intro: Pusha T]
You know what happens when G.O.O.D. Music and MMG get together right?
We get that money

[Hook x2: Pusha T]
Millions, Millions in the ceiling
Millions, Millions in the ceiling
Millions, Millions in the ceiling
Millions, Millions in the ceiling
Choppers, choppers in the closet
Choppers, choppers in the closet
Choppers, choppers in the closet
Choppers, choppers in the closet

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
This that shit that ya'll wanted?
This shit cook up hard don't it?
Ya'll gotta beg my pardon on it
But this shit sound like God don't it? (yeaah)
I'm tired and ya'll gotta pay your tides
Call my Phantom the Holy Ghost
Church on chrome wheel tires
Pop tags when I'm paranoid
Cause a pawn shop was my paradise
I was there pop when that powder came
For that not safe in that shoe box,
Blue tops, blue tops, bad bitch in that blue fox
This big face and Blu-ray and these black diamonds like boondocks

[Bridge: Pusha T]
I restore the feeling of when niggas made a killin'
Hiding choppers in the closet half a million in the ceiling
And them bitches with angel faces cryin' loud with ill intentions
Just so I can buy them Christians have em stuntin' on all their bitches, ah!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
I'm haunted by horror stories, wannabe home owners
Horrible outcome but the boy got one motive
Cries when he convicted - cried on every visit
I'm crying sayin his name, ride for all my niggas
Used to fiddle my fingers, until I found me a fortune
Finger fuckin Ferraris, South of France early mornin
Do drugs like Donatello, Versace, my Acapella
Never see me in Neimans, nigga commiting treason
Soft loafer prefered, frost organic herb
Stay away from the forbes of our only can tell you more
I got this I got that
I got that, I got this
Got a kilo for twenty
My niggas say I'm the shit

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Pusha T]
This that shit ya'll ask for
Make a nigga mash on the gas, floored
2- door, 4-door, roll through the hood like task force
Fast forward, Oops! they say they wanna see proof
My record sales ain't much as theirs and we still ridin same coupes
How we still fuckin same hoes?
Why we still buy the same clothes?
How we both got the same watch?
I'm just keepin ya'll on your toes
Dope boys, gold mind
That price drop and that coke rise
Then set it over that blue flame
Then hang to dry like clothes line

[Bridge: Pusha T]
I restore the feeling of when niggas made a killin'
Hiding choppers in the closet half a million in the ceiling
Got the razor on the counter Arm & Hammer in the kitchen
Just to keep my feet in Christians and keep dickin' all your bitches - aaah!

[Hook]---Lyrics submitted by Javoris Brown.

[Hook]
Shake that body, party that bod
Shake that body, party that bod
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G.O.D

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
I believe there's a god above me
I'm just the god of everything else
I put holes in everything else
"New God Flow," fuck everything else
Supreme dope dealer, write it in bold letters
They love a nigga's spirit like Pac at the Coachella
They said Pusha ain't fit with the umbrella
But I was good with the Yay as a wholesaler
I think it’s good that 'Ye got a blow dealer
A hot temper, matched with a cold killer
I came aboard for more than just to rhyme with him
Think ’99, when Puff woulda had Shyne with him
(Matching Daytonas, rose gold on us)
Goin' H·A·M in Ibiza done took a toll on us
(But since you over do it, I’mma pour more)
Well if you goin' coupe, I’m goin' four door

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
Step on they necks 'til they can’t breathe
Claim they five stars but sell you dreams
They say death multiplies by threes
Line them all up and let's just see
Fuck em 'Ye, fuck em 'Ye!
I wouldn't piss on that nigga with Grand Marnier
(Woo!) They shitty shoppin' at Targét
(Woo!) My shit is luxury Balmain (Ay!)
Im ballin', Amar'e
A nick sold in the park then I want in
What's a king without a crown, nigga?
What's a circus without you clown niggas?
What's a brick from an outta-town nigga
When you flood and you can drown niggas?
Here's the G.O.O.D. Music golden child
M.A. dollar sign, can't nobody hold me down

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Hold up, I ain't trying to stunt, man
But these Yeezys jumped over the Jumpman
Went from most hated to the champion god flow
I guess that's a feeling only me and Lebron know
I'm living three dreams:
Biggie Smalls', Dr. King's, Rodney King's
Cause we can't get along, no resolution
Till we drown all these haters, rest in peace to Whitney Houston
Cars, money, girls and the clothes
Aww man, you sold your soul
Naww man, mad people was frontin'
Aww man, made something from nothing
Picture working so hard, and you can't cut through
That can mess up your whole life, like an uncle that touched you
What has the world come to, I'm from the 312
Where cops don't come through and dreams don't come true
Like there the god go in his Murcielago
From working McDonalds, barely paying the car note
He even got enough to get his mama a condo
Then they ran up and shot him right in front of his mom
40 killings in a weekend, 40 killings in a week
Man the summer too hot you can feel it in the street
Welcome to Sunday service if you hope to someday serve us
We got green in our eyes, just follow my Erick Sermon
Did Moses not part the water with the cane?
Did strippers not make an arc when I made it rain?
Did Yeezy not get signed by Hov and Dame?
And ran to Jacob and made the new Jesus chains?
In Jesus' name, let the choir say
"I'm on fire, ay," that's what Richard Pryor say
And we'll annihilate anybody that violate
Ask any dope boy you know, they admire 'Ye

[Hook]

[Outro: Kanye West]
G.O.O.D. Music! G.O.O.D. Music!
G.O.O.D. Music! G.O.O.D. Music!
And all my niggas say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
And all my ladies say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
I don't know but I've been told
(I don't know but I've been told)
If you get fresh get all the hoes
(If you get fresh get all the hoes)
I'm way fresher than all my foes
(I'm way fresher than all my foes)
Somebody please pick out they clothes
(Somebody please pick out they clothes)
And all my niggas say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
And all my ladies say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
Who runnin' shit today? G.O.O.D. Music!
Who runnin' shit today? G.O.O.D. Music!---Lyrics submitted by Michael Scott.

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
It’s the blackout, ‘rari got the back out
Showing my black ass, engine in the glass house
Started in the crack house, Obama went the back route
Kill bin Laden, another 4 up in the black house
Still got the Macs out, pull the mask down like a mascot
Still trick with bitches out with money or with ass shots
G.O.O.D had room for one more, I took the last spot
Re-up gang [?] done hit the jackpot
Whole ‘nother level, then you add fame
That’s a whole ‘nother devil, legit drug dealer
That’s a whole ‘nother bezel, the carbon Audemar
That’s a whole ‘nother metal, but still keep it ghetto
Behind the scenes, pull strings like Gepetto
The gun blow steam, whistle like a tea kettle
Runnin’ like the rebels
You and LV Sport shoe on a pedal, I let you niggas settle

[Hook: Pusha T]
Trouble on my mind
I got trouble on my mind
Trouble on my mind
So much trouble on my mind

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Pharrell said “get ‘em”, so I got ‘em
Tripped on Bristol Palin then I accidentally shot ‘em
Then it ricocheted and killed the game
I’m a problem cause I wanna fuck the world but not a fan of using condoms
Pardon my french, I’m going hard as my dick
When I envision my tip on the crust of bitch’s lips
Mr. Lipschutz has been trippin’ since I mentioned Reptar’s
Triceratops dinosaur dick
I feel it in my gut to kill these motherfuckers
As a musk like the arm of my pits
You niggas coming shorter than a Bush Wick Bill costume
On sale during Christmas in Philly
Uhm, well, not really, it’s gettin’ kinda chilly
Let’s hit a couple bars and give some bitches wet willies
Soaked, getting’ jiggy with it and Bel-Air’s britches
With a bag of pills, couple berries and a biscuit

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
I’m a fucking walking paradox
And a really shitty rapper in my favorite pair of socks ironed pair of dockers
Two Glocks cocked screamin’ west side!
With the speakers blastin' a pair o' pacs
Yonkers 10 milli, you’re silly
Thinkin’ that this ‘Preme wasn’t free willy
The feeling is neutral, the gang is youthful
And fuckin’ tighter than Chad Hugo’s pupils
It’s Wolf Gang and the

[Pusha T]
With the re-up’s a helluva buzz
Rick James said cocaine’s a helluva drug
Who else could put the hipsters with felons and thugs
And paint a perfect picture of what sellin’ it does?
This is for the critics, who doubted the chemistry
Two different words, same symmetry
And this black art, see the wizardry
When you at the top of your game, you make enemies
You’ll never finish me

[Hook]---Lyrics submitted by Albert Rovsing.