

Sent you a message, sent you an email
Hasty decisions we may still prevail
Both needed breaks, we both needed to bail
Walking thru the corridors of my mind
The hideaways, the nooks, there filled with good times
Memories certainly yes they still bind
Still a common man and yeah that's for sure
Still a bankroll and yeah still can tour
The madness, the thing we had was much more
Come back home, don't be out in the world
It's a bad race and always for a girl
And most scavengers have found the pretty pearl
It's for the faint of heart who never get enough
Gotta get tough, buckle em up, we call em duds
And we, and we and we ahhh

We gotta gettin up
We gotta gettin up
Today is nice come on we gettin up
Said we gettin up
Said we gettin up
Tonite is right come on we gettin up
Said we gettin up
Said we gettin up

Come over here baby, don't look so grumpy
This kind of lifestyle could be so comfy
We can start a clan just like the Kennedy's
You and I advance, certainly we can expand
Feelings that should never end
And you respect me like a friend
But love me like your man
No other could contend
Or we could be like Doves exposed 2 history
Like staying with each other with truth and chivalry
The things we go thru they shape our identity
Yes pretty let's do this all nite
Consummate this thing and make it alright
And when we cuddle up and promise that it's right

We gotta gettin up
We gotta gettin up
Today is nice come on we gettin up
Said we gettin up
Said we gettin up
Tonite is right come on we gettin up
Said we gettin up
Said we gettin up

I like to watch everybody gravitate towards you
Your magnetic presences make them come thru
The same way you got them you got me too
Now look at our lives so colorful
A wonderful spectrum, not 1 tone dull
Full of excitement and not 1 luve
See we had an understanding, oh yes we did
I'm bringing it back, I'm puttin in my bid
Have a couple of kids, have a couple of cribs
We like Louie D and Ossie like martin and corretta
Doin it to death, no one can do it better
When we leave our physical our sprits still together
Come on now, here's a placement for your hand
You rockin with the #1 MC man
The #1 controller of right with the plan

We gotta gettin up
We gotta gettin up
Today is nice come on we gettin up
Said we gettin up
Said we gettin up
Tonite is right come on we gettin up
Said we gettin up
Said we gettin up---Lyrics submitted by Destini.

Life's filled with graaaay.... 
But now, it comes clean.. 
Leaves fall, awaaaaaay... 
Hip-hop is playing again 
And it's bangin, toooo.... 
Know it's bangin, for you... 
Don't stop this feeling I feel... 
I just wanna lay around all day 
and feel the breeze upon my knees 
I'm so INTO your rich history.. 
Tell me a story to taaaake me away.. 
Come and take meeeeee, ooooooh... 
Come and take meeeeee with yooooou..

Life is, better 
Now that, now that I found you 
Life is, better 
Now that, now that I found you 

Uh, uh, one step at a time, a man walked on the moon 
One record got played, Kool Herc said boom 
One minute young man, your time come soon 
We WAITING, it was prophetsized you loon
We bang our drums, enter message through sound 
We wrasslers and we takin over your town 
Hands sweatin, it's critiquing all this vibe I'm gettin 
Playlist setting: Cold Crush, Furious Five, and the Masterdon 
Cosmic Force, Bammbaataa, Jazzy 5 
Lovebug Starski, Junebug, Busy Bee 
Run, D, Jay, LL, Kane, Biz Markie 
Doug E., Will, Barry B., Spoonie, Schooly D. 
Rakim, BDP, Dana Dane, Ricky D. 
Leaders of the New School, Snoop Dogg, Monie Love 
B.I.G. and Pac are up above, Eazy-E and Bone Thugz 
Fat and Skinny Boys, Cash Money and the rapper Nas 
Large Professor, Lauryn, Wyclef, and Pras 
Brand Nubian, Diamond D, Ludacris, and Jay 
R.I.P. Pimp C, Common, Lil Wayne, and 'Ye 
Primo, OutKast, where my nigga Dilla at? 
S.V. - uh uh, where my nigga Dilla at 
And when you look into my eyes, it makes all these feelings rise 
Makes my space better place, can't you see it in my face?---Lyrics submitted by Omar.